    全新版第二版听说B4U14-A

    Part I    Listening Comprehension  ( 31 minutes ) 



    Section A 

    Directions: In this section, you will hear several conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversations and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer.


    1.
    	
    A) The town hall.  
    B) Brook Road.  
    C) Victoria Street.  
    D) Central Bank.  
    Script: Woman: Excuse me, I am trying to get to the dance party in Bryce Street.
    Man: Oh, yes, I suppose that’ll be the town hall. Well, right now, as you can see, we are in the main square, at the corner of Brook Road and Victoria Street. You can see the Central Bank across the road on the opposite corner. The town hall is to the left of the Central Bank.
    Question: Where does the woman want to go?

    正确答案： A
    2.
    	
    A) A football match.  
    B) A tennis match.  
    C) A running competition.  
    D) A basketball match.  
    Script: Woman: You would do well in your 400-meter relay! What time is the competition?
    Man: Let me see, I have got the schedule here. The 400-meter relay is at 1:30 pm.
    Question: What are the two speakers mainly talking about?

    正确答案： C
    3.
    	
    A) Asking information on her music class.  
    B) Asking for taking a make-up violin exam.  
    C) Asking for a practical violin exam.  
    D) Asking for a Grade 7 make-up violin exam.  
    Script: Man: Hello, this is the Jackson School of Music. Can I help you?
    Woman: Hello, my name is Jane Smith. I want to sit my Grade 7 violin exam this weekend, the practical exam. Can you help me?
    Question: What does the woman call for?

    正确答案： C
    4.
    	
    A) She will ride her bike around the city.  
    B) She will take a train trip to the city.  
    C) She will ride her bike to her teacher’s home.  
    D) She will visit her aunt.  
    Script: Man: Hi, Lisa, what are you doing today?
    Woman: I am going to ride my bike to Jones Street Station and catch a train to visit my auntie.
    Question: What will Lisa do today?

    正确答案： D
    5.
    	
    A) In the ticket office.  
    B) Outside the station.  
    C) From a ticket machine.  
    D) Near the entrance.  
    Script: Man: Good morning. Can you please tell me how to find a ticket office here?
    Woman: I am afraid there is no ticket office around here. There are ticket machines just inside the entrance, to your right.
    Question: Where can the woman buy the ticket?

    正确答案： C
    Questions 6 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

    Script: Woman: Hello, my car was stolen and I want to report it.
    Man: Where was it when it was stolen?
    Woman: It was parked outside of my apartment building. I went outside this morning to drive to work, and it was gone.
    Man: Okay, you need to fill out this form. Put down the maker and model of the vehicle, the year, and the color. You’ll also need the license plate number. Do you know the vehicle’s VIN number?
    Woman: No, I don’t.
    Man: That’s okay. Just fill it out and we’ll launch an investigation.
    Woman: What do you think the chances are that I’ll recover my car?
    Man: That’s hard to say. If it was stolen by some kids who wanted to take a joyride, they’ll abandon it afterwards and you may get it back in one piece. If it was taken by professional car thieves, that’s a different story. They usually strip the cars of their parts and sell them to chop shops. You may not want your car back after it’s been stripped.
    Woman: I’ll just have to wish for the best.
    Man: We’ll notify you if we have some news.
    Woman: Thanks. In the meantime, I’d better get used to taking subways and buses around town!
    6.
    	
    A) Outside a shopping mall.  
    B) Outside the apartment building.  
    C) Outside the parking lot.  
    D) Outside the office.  
    Script: Where was the car stolen?

    正确答案： B
    7.
    	
    A) They will abandon the car soon and she can get it back.  
    B) They will return the car in one piece.  
    C) They will take the car to a garage.  
    D) They will strip the car of their parts and sell them.  
    Script: What would happen to the car if it was stolen by some kids?

    正确答案： A
    8.
    	
    A) She will take a taxi back.  
    B) She will need to wait for the news from the police.  
    C) She will take a subway back to work.  
    D) She will have to use someone else’s car.  
    Script: What will the woman do next?

    正确答案： B
    Questions 9 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

    Script: Woman: Have you heard the latest news?
    Man: No, what is it?
    Woman: Charlie was fired last Friday after the company found out that he had been cooking the books for over six months and had taken more than $50,000.
    Man: Charlie? I don’t believe it! He is the most upstanding person I know. I can imagine him stretching the truth now and then, but he’s the last person I would think of as being truly dishonest. I would never think to question his integrity.
    Woman: It wasn’t greed that made him do it. His wife has been ill and he couldn’t pay the medical bills. I think he had the best of intentions in trying to get his wife the healthcare she needed, but it was only a matter of time before he got caught, no matter how well he covered his tracks.
    Man: Well, I know he’s a bad liar and he’s not known to make mistakes, so I’m not surprised that someone caught on pretty quickly when there were irregularities in the accounting. What I don’t understand is, if he was having financial problems, why didn’t he tell anybody? Some of us may have helped.
    Woman: I don’t know. Maybe he felt desperate and just didn’t know what to do. I’m sure his wife being sick has been difficult for him. I don’t think the company is going to press charges, though, under the circumstances.
    Man: I’m glad to hear that. That’s the last thing he needs. It’s clear that he showed poor judgment, but he’s not a criminal.
    Woman: That’s the general consensus. I’m thinking of taking up a collection to help him out. Do you think the company would mind?
    Man: Considering he was fired, I’d keep it a secret from management, but I think it’s a great idea.
    9.
    	
    A) His house caught fire.  
    B) He lost his job.  
    C) He was ill.  
    D) He became a fireman.  
    Script: What happened to Charlie last Friday?

    正确答案： B
    10.
    	
    A) He was greedy and wanted to become a rich man.  
    B) He was dishonest and wanted to make some easy money.  
    C) His wife was ill and he needed money.  
    D) He was a good liar.  
    Script: Why did Charlie take the money from the company?

    正确答案： C
    11.
    	
    A) The two speakers thought Charlie was a bad guy.  
    B) The two speakers are sympathetic with Charlie.  
    C) The two speakers wanted to help Charlie.  
    D) The two speakers would like to report to the president of the company.  
    Script: What can be inferred from the conversation?

    正确答案： B


    Section B 

    Direstions：Listen to three short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. All the recordings will be played once only. After you hear a question, please choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).


    Passage One
    Questions 12 to 14 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         The Public Security Bureau said Wednesday that the number of serious crimes, such as arson, explosions, murder, rape and kidnapping went down last year. The PSB says there were more than 6,000 arson cases, down 11 percent, and 586 cases involving explosives, down 25 percent. No precise figures were given for murder, rape and kidnapping, but the PSB said murder decreased by 10 percent, while rape and kidnapping each dropped about two percent.
            Wu Heping, a spokesman for China’s Public Security Bureau, says economic crimes rose more than 4 percent last year, to more than 84,000 cases. He says economic crimes have reached a new peak. In recent years with China’s fast economic development, economic crimes have been climbing higher every day. In the past, Chinese officials have admitted that hundreds of such incidents occur every day in China’s vast countryside, and have grown along with China’s wealth gap.
            Overall, the PSB says there were more than 4.5 million criminal cases last year, about the same as the year before. The vast majority of crimes involved theft, robbery, and burglary, which hardly dropped at all.
    12.
    	
    A) Arson.  
    B) Murder.  
    C) Kidnapping.  
    D) Theft.  
    Script: What is not mentioned as the category of crimes which went down last year?

    正确答案： D
    13.
    	
    A) More than 6,000.  
    B) More than 5,000.  
    C) More than 586.  
    D) More than 685.  
    Script: How many cases of arson were there last year?

    正确答案： A
    14.
    	
    A) All crime categories went down.  
    B) The majority of crimes hardly went down.  
    C) The majority of crimes were murder and kidnapping.  
    D) All crime categories went up.  
    Script: What was the situation about the majority of crimes in China last year?

    正确答案： B

    Passage Two
    Questions 15 to 17 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         Crime is increasing worldwide. There is every reason to believe the trend will continue through the next few decades. Crime rates have always been high in multi-cultural industrialized societies such as the United States. But a new phenomenon has appeared on the world scene: rapidly rising crime rates in nations that previously reported few offences. Street crimes such as robbery, rape, murder and auto theft are clearly rising, particularly in Eastern European countries, such as Hungary, and in Western European nations, such as the Untied Kingdom. What is driving this crime explosion? There are no simple answers. Still, there are certain conditions associated with rising crime. Increasing variety of population, greater cultural pluralism, higher immigration, democratization of governments, changing national borders, greater economic growth and the lack of accepted social ideas of right and wrong. These conditions are increasingly observable around the world. For instance, cultures that were previously isolated and simple such as Japan, Denmark and Greece, are now facing the sort of cultural variety that has been common in America for most of its history. Multiculturalism can be a rewarding, enriching experience, but it can also lead to a clash of values. Variety in societies will be the rule in the 21st century, and failure to recognize and plan for such diversity can lead to serious crime problems.
    15.
    	
    A) Crime rates are going down.  
    B) Crime rates are increasing.  
    C) Criminals are getting more cruel.  
    D) Criminals are being caught faster.  
    Script: What is probably the trend of crime worldwide according to the speaker?

    正确答案： B
    16.
    	
    A) Eastern Asia.  
    B) Western Africa.  
    C) Eastern Europe.  
    D) Western America.  
    Script: In which part of the world are street crimes increasing particularly?

    正确答案： C
    17.
    	
    A) They are now facing isolation.  
    B) They are now changing national borders.  
    C) They are now facing cultural variety.  
    D) They are now facing American cultures.  
    Script: What can be inferred about Denmark and Greece?

    正确答案： C

    Passage Three
    Questions 18 to 20 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         A computer crime is generally defined as one that involves the use of computers and software for illegal purposes. This doesn’t mean that all the crimes are new types of crime. On the contrary, many of these crimes, such as abuse of funds, the alteration of records, theft, and terrorism, can be committed without a computer. But with a computer, these offenses can be carried out more quickly and with less chance that the person responsible for the crime will be discovered.
            Computer crimes are on the rise and have been for the last twelve years. Just how much these computer crimes cost the American public is in dispute, but estimates range from $3 billion to $5 billion annually. Even the FBI, which attempts to keep track of the growth or decline of all kinds of crimes, is unable to say precisely how large a loss is involved; however, it estimates that the average take from a company hit by computer crime is $600,000. A number of reasons are given for the increase in computer crimes: (A) more computers in use and, thus, more people who are familiar with basic computer operation; (B) more computers tied together in satellite and other data-transmission networks; and (C) the easy access of microcomputers to huge mainframe data bases.
    18.
    	
    A) Computer use and software application.  
    B) A crime involving computers and software for illegal purposes.  
    C) A crime related to Internet use.  
    D) A crime involving computer users and Internet users.  
    Script: What is a computer crime generally defined as?

    正确答案： B
    19.
    	
    A) All the computer crimes are new types of crime.  
    B) Many of the computer crimes can be committed without a computer.  
    C) With a computer, a criminal can make more money.  
    D) With a computer, a crime is more difficult to be discovered.  
    Script: Which of the following statements is correct according to the speaker?

    正确答案： B
    20.
    	
    A) It is estimated to be 3 billion dollars.  
    B) It is estimated to be 4 billion dollars.  
    C) It is estimated to be around 3 to 5 billion dollars per year.  
    D) It is estimated to be from 3 to 6 billion dollars per year.  
    Script: How much do computer crimes cost the American public？

    正确答案： C


    Section C 

    Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks with the exact words you have just heard. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.


            There are many ways people can take control and help prevent crime in their homes, in their neighborhoods, and in their local schools. It’s a matter of a little communication, a little (21)_________________ , and a little time.
            In Your Community
    1.    Work with public agencies and other organizations ― (22)_________________ or community-wide ― on solving common problems. Don’t be shy about letting them know what your community needs.
    2.    Make sure that all the youth in the neighborhood have (23)_________________ ways to spend their spare time, through organized (24)_________________ , tutoring programs, part-time work, and (25)_________________ opportunities.
    3.    Set up a Neighborhood Watch or a community patrol, working with police. Make sure your streets and homes are well (26)_________________ .
    4.    Build a partnership with police, focusing on solving problems instead of (27)_________________ to crises. Make it possible for neighbors to report suspicious activities or crimes without fear of retaliation.
    5.    Clean up the neighborhood! Involve everyone ― teens, children, senior citizens. Litter, (28)_________________ cars, and run-down buildings tell criminals that you don’t care about where you live or each other. Call the city public works department and ask for help in cleaning-up.
    6.    Ask local officials to use new ways to get criminals out of your building or neighborhood. These include enforcing (29)_________________ laws, housing codes, health and fire codes, anti-nuisance laws, and drug-free clauses in rental leases.
    7.    Work with schools to establish drug-free, gun-free zones; work with recreation officials to do the same for parks.
    8.    Develop and share a phone list of local organizations that can provide counseling, job training, (30)_________________ , and other services that neighbors might need.
    9.    If you see a crime or something you suspect might be a crime, report it. Agree to testify if needed.
    10.    Learn about hotlines, crisis centers, and other help available to victims of crime. Find out how you can help those who are touched by violence to recover as quickly and completely as possible.

    Script:         There are many ways people can take control and help prevent crime in their homes, in their neighborhoods, and in their local schools. It’s a matter of a little communication, a little commitment, and a little time.
            In Your Community
    1.    Work with public agencies and other organizations ― neighborhood-based or community-wide ― on solving common problems. Don’t be shy about letting them know what your community needs.
    2.    Make sure that all the youth in the neighborhood have positive ways to spend their spare time, through organized recreation, tutoring programs, part-time work, and volunteer opportunities.
    3.    Set up a Neighborhood Watch or a community patrol, working with police. Make sure your streets and homes are well lighted.
    4.    Build a partnership with police, focusing on solving problems instead of reacting to crises. Make it possible for neighbors to report suspicious activities or crimes without fear of retaliation.
    5.    Clean up the neighborhood! Involve everyone ― teens, children, senior citizens. Litter, abandoned cars, and run-down buildings tell criminals that you don’t care about where you live or each other. Call the city public works department and ask for help in cleaning-up.
    6.    Ask local officials to use new ways to get criminals out of your building or neighborhood. These include enforcing anti-noise laws, housing codes, health and fire codes, anti-nuisance laws, and drug-free clauses in rental leases.
    7.    Work with schools to establish drug-free, gun-free zones; work with recreation officials to do the same for parks.
    8.    Develop and share a phone list of local organizations that can provide counseling, job training, guidance, and other services that neighbors might need.
    9.    If you see a crime or something you suspect might be a crime, report it. Agree to testify if needed.
    10.    Learn about hotlines, crisis centers, and other help available to victims of crime. Find out how you can help those who are touched by violence to recover as quickly and completely as possible.

    正确答案： commitment

    正确答案： neighborhood-based

    正确答案： positive

    正确答案： recreation

    正确答案： volunteer

    正确答案： lighted

    正确答案： reacting

    正确答案： abandoned

    正确答案： anti-noise

    正确答案： guidance



    Part II    Oral Tasks  ( 2 minutes ) 



    Section A 

    Interpret the following Chinese passage into English. You can either interpret it sentence by sentence or give out the main points in your own words. You will have two minutes for preparation and three minutes for interpretation.
    31.	        在伦敦，抢劫案的增多主要与青年参与的抢劫案有关，尤其以学校附近和公交换乘有关，也与手机的使用和拥有数量相关，手机是最常被偷的物品之一。

    思考/准备


    Section B 

    Read the following introduction to a crime TV serial called Prison Break. Do you think prison is the best way to punish criminals? Give your opinion and support your argument with some examples or data. You will have two minutes for preparation and three minutes for presentation.
    32.	Prison Break is an American drama television series, which first appeared on the Fox Broadcasting Company on August 29, 2005, concluded on May 15, 2009 and has a movie The Final Break that aired on May 24, 2009. The first season follows the rescue of Lincoln Burrows, who is accused of murdering the brother of the Vice President of the United States. Lincoln is sentenced to death and is sent into the Fox River State Prison where he awaits his execution. Lincoln’s brother, brilliant structural engineer Michael Scofield, is convinced of Lincoln’s innocence and makes an escape plan. The brothers, along with six other men, who come to be known as the Fox River Eight, escape in the season finale.

    思考/准备


