    全新版第二版听说B4U6-A

    Part I    Listening Comprehension  ( 33 minutes ) 



    Section A 

    Directions: In this section, you will hear several conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversations and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer.


    1.
    	
    A) Room 1505, Floor 14.  
    B) Room 4004, Floor 15.  
    C) Room 1404, Floor 15.  
    D) Room 1404, Floor 14.  
    Script: Man: And here is your room key. You’ll be staying in Room 1404. Just take the elevator to fourteenth floor and exit to your right. If you have any problems, please don’t hesitate to call us. I hope you will enjoy your stay.
    Woman: Let the holiday begin!
    Question: Where is the room and which floor is it on?

    正确答案： D
    2.
    	
    A) She hates the movie.  
    B) She likes the movie.  
    C) She only loves the special effects.  
    D) She thinks the movie is bad.  
    Script: Man: Is the new Harry Potter movie fabulous? Don't you just love the special effects?
    Woman: Yeah, they aren't bad. It is OK.

    Question: What is the woman's attitude?

    正确答案： B
    3.
    	
    A) The middle of nowhere.  
    B) Gorge and nature.  
    C) Bus ride.  
    D) Gorge and nature park.  
    Script: Man: I will tell this story. So, it’s almost the end of our tour and Miley decides she really wants to see this gorge and nature park in the middle of nowhere. She gets me up at the crack of dawn and we take this bus for, like three hours and of course it is the bumpiest bus ride you can possibly imagine.
    Woman: Oh, it wasn’t that bad!
    Question: Where did the couple go for sightseeing?

    正确答案： D
    4.
    	
    A) Some perfume.  
    B) A new coffee machine.  
    C) No idea.  
    D) Something new.  
    Script: Man: All right. We have some serious Christmas shopping to do, don’t we?
    Woman: Yeah. I’ve got to set some perfume for mum, something for dad, I am thinking of a new coffee machine and I have no idea what to get for my brothers.
    Question: What does the woman want to give to her father?

    正确答案： B
    5.
    	
    A) At an ATM.  
    B) At a bank.  
    C) At a subway.  
    D) At a department store.  
    Script: Man: I might need to go to an ATM, I am not sure I have enough cash on me.
    Woman: Good, I will be waiting for you at the metro entrance.
    Question: Where will the lady wait for the man?

    正确答案： C
    Questions 6 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

    Script: Edgar: What a crock!
    Ann: What is it?
    Edgar: I’m reading an article about successful business people who were self-made men and women. I don’t believe a word of it.
    Ann: Why don’t you believe?
    Edgar: These people didn’t depend on themselves for success. They were all born with silver spoons in their mouths.
    Ann: Not all successful people were born into money and privilege.
    Edgar: That’s true, but it gets me riled up when people who grew up at the country club claim to have had humble beginnings.
    Ann: Just because some people were born with a better background doesn’t mean they didn’t work hard to get where they are.
    Edgar: Where would that hard work have gotten them if they didn’t have backers with deep pockets, or if they didn’t know people in high places? I know plenty of hard-working people who aren’t hobnobbing with the rich and famous.
    Ann: That’s true enough. Who needs the rich and famous? I’ll take my hard-working man over any of them any day.
    Edgar: That’s why I married you ― a woman with beauty and brains!
    6.
    	
    A) He believes in every word of it.  
    B) He doubts the content.  
    C) He was angry about the report.  
    D) He does not like the report.  
    Script: What is the man’s attitude towards the article?

    正确答案： B
    7.
    	
    A) She thought hard work was probably one of the keys to their success.  
    B) She thought a lot of them have humble beginnings.  
    C) She believed in the report.  
    D) She believed that money and privilege are not important.  
    Script: What does the woman feel about those who are successful?

    正确答案： A
    8.
    	
    A) Brother and sister.  
    B) Teacher and student.  
    C) Husband and wife.  
    D) Doctor and patient.  
    Script: What is the possible relationship between the man and the woman?

    正确答案： C
    Questions 9 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

    Script: Woman: You may have everyone else fooled, but I know the real reason for the success of this project.
    Man: What?
    Woman: You. You’ve been working behind the scenes to persuade the people who weren’t up to the task. Without you, this project would have been sunk months ago.
    Man: That’s nonsense.
    Woman: No, it’s not. I know you don’t like the limelight, but you were the key of this operation. Without you, we could not have made this success today.
    Man: You’re giving me way too much credit. I don’t want to hear another word about it.
    Woman : I’m not surprised at your reaction. Most unsung heroes like to keep a low profile.
    Man: What? I’m nothing of the kind!
    Woman: Yes, you are. You’re far too modest. And soon, I won’t be the only one who thinks so!
    Man: What are you proposing to do?
    Woman: Don’t worry. I’m not planning a parade, but it’s time your contributions are recognized for what they are around here!
    9.
    	
    A) The team work.  
    B) The good luck.  
    C) The man’s help.  
    D) The project itself.  
    Script: According to the woman, what was the real reason for the success of the project?

    正确答案： C
    10.
    	
    A) He is proud and hard to get along.  
    B) He is strong and hard-working.  
    C) He is capable and friendly.  
    D) He is modest and helpful.  
    Script: What can be the man’s personality?

    正确答案： D
    11.
    	
    A) She will plan a ticker-tape parade.  
    B) She will surprise the man with a party.  
    C) She will get his contributions recognized.  
    D) She will praise the man.  
    Script: What will the woman do next?

    正确答案： C


    Section B 

    Direstions：Listen to three short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. All the recordings will be played once only. After you hear a question, please choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).


    Passage One
    Questions 12 to 14 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         The old foundations of success are gone. For all human history the source of success has been controlling natural resources ― land, gold and oil. Suddenly the answer is knowledge. The king of the knowledge economy, Bill Gates, owns no land, no gold or oil, no industrial processes. How does one use knowledge to build wealth? How do societies have to be reorganized to generate a wealth-enhancing knowledge environment? What skills are needed? The knowledge-based economy is asking new questions, giving new answers, and developing new rules for the success game.
            Rule 1: No one ever becomes very rich by saving money. Information technology has opened up opportunities for new products with more advanced capabilities and new processes with much higher levels of productivity. This was true for John Rockefeller as it is for Bill Gates. For both of them lifetime savings constituted a small fraction of total wealth. Carefully saving money and investing in normal equilibrium situations can make one comfortable in old age but never really wealthy. In what has come to be seen as the information revolution, opportunities arising from new and high technology are creating fortunes faster than ever before. The United States has created more billionaires in the past fifteen years than in its previous history.
            Rule 2: Sometimes successful businesses have to cannibalize themselves to save themselves. Business must be willing to destroy the old while it is still successful if they wish to build the new that will become successful. If they don’t destroy themselves, others will destroy them. Of what were the twelve largest American companies at the beginning of the twentieth century, eleven were not around to see the beginning of the twenty-first century. Technological breakthroughs occur, the economic environment changes, and they could not adjust. For example, when the microprocessor allowed the personal computer to replace the mainframe as the dominant growth market in the computer industry, the old industrial leader, IBM, fell off a cliff, and new leader, Intel and Microsoft emerged. IBM understood the new technology and wanted to compete but could not destroy its old business to build the new.
    12.
    	
    A) Land.  
    B) Gold.  
    C) Oil.  
    D) Knowledge.  
    Script: What are not listed as old foundations of success?

    正确答案： D
    13.
    	
    A) Opportunities for new products with more advanced capabilities.  
    B) Higher productivity.  
    C) New products with higher levels.  
    D) New services that cater to the needs of ordinary people.  
    Script: What has information technology brought in?

    正确答案： A
    14.
    	
    A) 11.  
    B) 12.  
    C) 1.  
    D) 0.  
    Script: How many of the twelve largest American companies at the beginning of the twentieth century have survived to see the beginning of 21 century?

    正确答案： C

    Passage Two
    Questions 15 to 17 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         About a year ago, I came up with an idea that I thought would revolutionize the way people sell their goods on the Internet. After a lot of planning, I decided to try to attract investors by developing a business plan. I got some advice from my friend Steve who is a very successful entrepreneur.
            First, he told me I needed to figure out my business model. How would my investors make money? How long would it take the company to be in the black? Steve said that the proposal would need to show revenue projections for the first five years, and that I should give an estimate of gross sales for that same period.
            Steve also said that I should include what I thought was the target market for the new service and my plan for convincing potential buyers that the new service would give them a competitive advantage.
            After working on the plan for a few months, I thought it was ready to show to some prospective investors. All I need is just one big investor to take a chance on it. Hopefully, this time next year, I’ll be well on my way to building a new business empire.
    15.
    	
    A) He wanted to revolutionize the goods selling mode on the Internet.  
    B) He wanted to launch a business of his own and asked his friend to help.  
    C) He wanted to open a bank for the local community.  
    D) He wanted to start a loaning website.  
    Script: What did the speaker want to do about a year ago?

    正确答案： A
    16.
    	
    A) He asked the man to think about how long it will take the company to make profits.  
    B) He asked the man to plan his business model.  
    C) He asked the man to show revenue projections.  
    D) He asked the man to give an estimate of gross sales.  
    Script: What did Steve suggest the man doing first?

    正确答案： B
    17.
    	
    A) He needed to convince his customers that his website is legal.  
    B) He needed to tell the customers about the revenue tax.  
    C) He needed to convince his customers that the new service offers a competitive advantage.  
    D) He needed to show a complete plan.  
    Script: What did Steve tell the man to convince his potential buyers?

    正确答案： C

    Passage Three
    Questions 18 to 20 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script: For some women, success has a price
            Ray Fisman, a Columbia University economics professor, conducted a two-year study on Americans' dating preferences. He ran a speed-dating experiment at a local bar near campus.
            "Men preferred women whom they rated as smarter, but only up to a point," Fisman told the New York Times. "It turns out that men avoided women whom they perceived to be smarter than themselves. The same held true for measures of career ambition: A woman could be ambitious, just not more ambitious than the man considering her for a date."
            This perceived bias by some men against strong, successful women extends to other parts of social life, including politics. For instance, Hillary Clinton must face these perceptions as a presidential candidate.
            According to the New York Times, women earning high salaries can also intimidate their male friends.
            For the first time, women in their 20s who work full-time in several American cities ― New York, Chicago, Boston and Minneapolis ― are earning higher wages than men in the same age range. This is according to a recent study by Andrew Beveridge, a sociology professor at Queens College in New York.
            The new income superiority of young women is bringing them "forms of hostility they weren't prepared to meet", Beveridge told the New York Times.
            This has caused some women to try to protect the egos of dates who make less money. They do so by choosing not to leave their shopping bags sitting in the open around their apartments. They also avoid talking about their business achievements, according to the report.
    Yesterday's housewives
            The stereotypical image of a housewife still lingers in the minds of many Americans today, even though it's now mostly fiction. In the 1950's, women often waited for their husbands to come home. A man would return from a hard day's work and be greeted with a kiss and a cold glass of lemonade. Every morning he'd awaken to the smell of bacon. While at work, his wife cleaned the carpet, hang up laundry and prepare supper for her hard-working husband.
    18.
    	
    A) Men preferred to date women who are smarter and more ambitious than themselves.  
    B) Men preferred to date pretty women.  
    C) Men preferred to date more ambitious women.  
    D) Men preferred to date women who are smart and ambitious to a certain degree.  
    Script: What did the two-year survey by Ray show?

    正确答案： D
    19.
    	
    A) They may feel very happy.  
    B) They may hate such a woman.  
    C) They can feel intimidated.  
    D) They can feel worried.  
    Script: What are the possible attitudes of men toward a woman with a high salary?

    正确答案： C
    20.
    	
    A) They chose not to leave their shopping bags sitting in the open around their apartments.  
    B) They avoided talking about their business achievements.  
    C) They chose not to cook for their dates.  
    D) They avoided letting the dates know their salaries.  
    Script: What are things that some women didn't do to protect the egos of dates who make less money?

    正确答案： C


    Section C 

    Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks with the exact words you have just heard. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.


            I’ve spent many years as a business coach and consultant and therefore have had time to observe the traits that set the successful entrepreneurs and business owners apart from those that fail. I’ve taken these (21)_________________ and condensed them here into short points to help new business owners or even those (22)_________________ to stay afloat find the key traits they need to work on.
    (23)_________________ . Some people agonize over decisions far too long and therefore never make any progress growing their business. Successful business people know how to make decisions.
            Gather information about your (24)_________________ from trusted sources. See if you can find case studies or talk to someone who has actually taken the step you are considering if you can find them. Write down the upside and downside of each of your options so that they are clearer to you. Assign a value or weight to each (25)_________________ , both negative and positive. Then use that information to make the best decision possible. Remember, not making a decision is the same thing as deciding to fail. Not every decision you make will be successful or have the (26)_________________ you desire. But sitting around waiting to be 100% certain won’t get you very far either. Business is not for the timid.
    (27)_________________ . Is the glass half empty, or half full? That is an old analogy, but because of that it is one people easily understand. Successful business people use the power of positive thinking. Nothing can drain needed energy like focusing on all the things that aren’t exactly as you would like them to be. Virtually every situation or (28)_________________ in life has both a positive and negative side. Which will you choose to focus on? Being aware of the negatives so you can prepare for them is not the same thing as dwelling on them. Plan for the worst but expect the best. Go ahead, view life through rose (29)_________________ lenses, the few times you are disappointed will be far outweighed by the many times things work out.
            Successful business people know that business is not without risk, that’s why there is (30)_________________ in it as well. They use that knowledge to help them overcome any fears they have and to keep their business moving forward.

    Script:         I’ve spent many years as a business coach and consultant and therefore have had time to observe the traits that set the successful entrepreneurs and business owners apart from those that fail. I’ve taken these observations and condensed them here into short points to help new business owners or even those struggling to stay afloat find the key traits they need to work on.
            Decisiveness. Some people agonize over decisions far too long and therefore never make any progress growing their business. Successful business people know how to make decisions.
            Gather information about your options from trusted sources. See if you can find case studies or talk to someone who has actually taken the step you are considering if you can find them. Write down the upside and downside of each of your options so that they are clearer to you. Assign a value or weight to each consequence, both negative and positive. Then use that information to make the best decision possible. Remember, not making a decision is the same thing as deciding to fail. Not every decision you make will be successful or have the outcome you desire. But sitting around waiting to be 100% certain won’t get you very far either. Business is not for the timid.
            Optimism. Is the glass half empty, or half full? That is an old analogy, but because of that it is one people easily understand. Successful business people use the power of positive thinking. Nothing can drain needed energy like focusing on all the things that aren’t exactly as you would like them to be. Virtually every situation or circumstance in life has both a positive and negative side. Which will you choose to focus on? Being aware of the negatives so you can prepare for them is not the same thing as dwelling on them. Plan for the worst but expect the best. Go ahead, view life through rose colored lenses, the few times you are disappointed will be far outweighed by the many times things work out.
            Successful business people know that business is not without risk, that’s why there is reward in it as well. They use that knowledge to help them overcome any fears they have and to keep their business moving forward.

    正确答案： observations

    正确答案： struggling

    正确答案： Decisiveness

    正确答案： options

    正确答案： consequence

    正确答案： outcome

    正确答案： Optimism

    正确答案： circumstance

    正确答案： colored

    正确答案： reward



    Part II    Oral Tasks  ( 2 minutes ) 



    Section A 

    Interpret the following Chinese passage into English. You can either interpret it sentence by sentence or give out the main points in your own words. You will have two minutes for preparation and three minutes for interpretation.
    31.	许多人认为成功意味着赢。在我看来，它意味着做任何事都竭尽全力，无论你是否获胜。当你在参加长跑比赛时，如果你尽自己最大努力保持最快速度，你就是成功的，虽然你可能是最后一个到达终点的。因为你已经竭尽全力，你已经尽自己最大的努力去获胜。

    思考/准备


    Section B 

    What is your understanding of a successful businessman? Read the following statements and think about your own standards of judgment. You will have two minutes for preparation and three minutes for presentation.
    32.	Successful Business People:
    ― Constantly set higher goals;
    ― Avoid "comfort zones";
    ― Driven by accomplishments, not money;
    ― Solve problems rather than place blames;
    ― Look at the worst possible scenario;
    ― Rehearse the future as they see it.

    思考/准备


