Part II Text A
Text Organization
1. 1) The text begins with an anecdote/incident.
2) His thoughts are mainly about different approaches to learning in China and the West.
3) The end winds up the text with a suggestion in die form of a question.
Points for Comparison/Contrast Chinese Americans
1) ways to learn to accomplish a task show a child how to do
something, or teach by
holding his hand
teach children that they
should rely on themselves
for solutions to problems
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
94 - Appendix I
Vocabulary
the south.
2) Natural fiber is said to be superior to synthetic fiber.
3) The city's importance as a financial center has evolved slowly.
4) His nationality is not relevant to whether he is a good lawyer.
5) The poems by a little-known sixteenth-century Italian poet have found their way into some
English magazines.
3. 1) Chinese isn't a subject that can be picked up in a month. You can't accomplish your goal
of mastering the language unless you work at it for years. Well, it sounds as if I'm exaggerating
the difficulties, but the fact is I'm only telling the truth.
2) The principal is somewhat disappointed with the performance of the children. From what
she has gathered, some of the teaching staff have neglected their pupils. She has just
announced that strict work regulations have been made and that they apply to both Chinese
and overseas teachers.
3) The teacher-directed and the child-directed approaches to teaching art represent two extremes
of opinion. Too many teacher-directed activities cannot be expected to effectively
assisLchildren in learning because of the rigid structure. On the other hand, too many
child-directed activities may see a curriculum that is totally unstructured and out of control.
There are valid reasons to believe a teacher-guided approach would be a superior way
2) attitudes to creativity and skills give greater priority to developing
skills at an early
age, believing creativity
can be promoted over time
put more emphasis on fostering
creativity in young
children, thinking skills can
be picked up later
1) insert 2) on occasion
3) investigate 4) In retrospect
5) initial 6) phenomena
7) attached 8) make up for
9) is awaiting 10) exception
11) not... in the least 12) promote
13) working on 14) in due course
15) emerged
1) There is a striking contrast between the standard of living in the north of the country and
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix I - 95 -
to guide children's development. This approach combines some form of structure with the
child leading the direction.
II.ConfusableWords
1.
1) continual 3) continual 2  1) principal  3) principle   5) principal
2) continuous 4) continuous 2) principal 4) principles
III. Usage
1. Themselves    3. herself/by herself/on her own
5. Ourselves     2. himself/herself
4. Itself         6. yourself/by yourself/on your own
Structure
1. 1) Simon's ill ― so much so that he can't get out of bed.
2) She herself believed in freedom, so much so that she would rather die than live without it.
3) Piles of work have kept us busy ― so much so that we can't manage to take a holiday this
year.
4) Many contestants later failed drug tests, so much so that the race had to be rerun.
2. 1) Assuming (that) this painting really is a Picasso
2) Assuming (that) the proposal is accepted
3) assuming, of course, that she's prepared to listen
4) Even assuming (that) smokers do see the health warnings
Comprehensive Exercises
I. Cloze
(A)
1. contrast       2. Exaggerating   3. priority  4. on the other hand
5. promoting 6. pick up  7. assist   8. accomplish
9. on occasion   10. neglecting
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
- 96 - Appendix I
11. worthwhile   12. superior
(B)
1. to  2. affect/influence   3. others 4. each/them 5. without 6. controlled
7. about 8. Value  9. They 10. Little 11. right 12. but
13. in 14. What  15. worth 16. and
II. Translation
I consider it worthwhile trying to summarize our experience in learning English. Here I
would like to make three relevant points.
First, wide reading should be taken as a priority in the learning process, because it is through
reading that we get the most language input. Next, learning by heart as many well-written essays
as possible is also very important. On the one hand, rote learning/learning by rote is indeed of little
help, but on the other hand, memorization/learning by heart with a good understanding will certainly
be of benefit/do good to us. With an enormous store of excellent essays in our heads, we
will find it much easier to express ourselves in English. Finally, it is critical that we should put
what we have learned into practice. By doing more reading, writing, listening and speaking, we
will be able to accomplish the task of perfecting our English.
Part III TextB
Comprehension Check
1. c 2. C 3. d 4. A 5. c 6. b
Translation
(#ja Appendix III)
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix I - 97 -
2. Account 4. ended up 6. Fund  8. keeping track of 10. intends
12. Devise 14. Undoubtedly 16. Protest  18. resources
20. from your point of view
Language Practice
1. Adopt 3. Plus 5. Furthermore 7. Annual 9. Pace 11. on demand
13. Perspective 15. fell apart 17. Access 19. deposit
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
- 9& - Appendix I
Unit 2
Part II Text A
lext Organization
1.
Parts Paragraphs Main Ideas
Part One Paras 1-4 The waiter was disappointed to find that the Richest
Man in America led so simple a life.
Part Two Paras 5-13 Being friendly, easy-going and never flashy, Walton
carries on like plain folks and never wants any special
treatment.
Part Three Paras 14-22 With the Wal-Mart team in mind, Walton devotes
himself heart and soul to making the business a great
success.
2. Character Traits
1) free of self-importance  2) friendly and easy-going
3) never flashy  4) hard working  5) generous
Details
waits in line like everyone else to buy shells at the
local Wal-Mart; has no reserved seat in church
asks his employees to call him by his first name
steers clear of reporters, dreamers, and schemers;
manages to keep himself off the front page
attends sales meetings, the executive pep rally
set up a college scholarship fund and a disaster
relief fund
Vocabulary
I. 1. 1) local 3) deserved 5) system 7) remote 2) headlines 4) folks
6) steer clear of 8) get away with 9) open up 10) hold to
11) retire 12) rally 13) reserved 14) qualify 15) cultivate
2. 1) These serious problems deserve careful consideration in restructuring our educational systems.
2) The college is liable to stop her scholarship because of her failure in the final examination.
3) San Francisco is, by all accounts, a city easy to fall in love with.
4) Snow White received such bad treatment from her step-mother that she had to flee from
her home.
5) The United States, Canada, and Mexico make up North America.
3. 1) The principal's daughter didn't receive special treatment from her teachers. She was rewarded
for her excellent performance. When she graduated from high school in 1998, she
had straight A's and scholarship offers from some of the most famous universities in the
country.
2) Our boss is fully aware that his employees feel a lot of loyalty to the company because they
are treated right. Besides a handsome pay check and a stock option, he has laid down a
system under which employees are granted stock for their retirement.
3) You are liable to be offered a discount or a reduction on things you buy at the local supermarket
on weekends.
II. Collocation
1. About 3. at/on 5. With 7. From 2. For 4. Into 6. To 8. with
III. Usage
1. a savings account 3. a goods train 5. a sales tax
7. a current affairs program 2. arms race 4. communications equipment
6. a customs officer 8. a clothes shop
Appendix I - 101 -
Struclurc
1. 1) Only by rewarding success can you bring out the best in your employees.
2) Only by working at evenings and weekends was Mary able to complete the report by the
deadline.
3) Only when I myself became a mother did I realize the value of my parents' advice.
4) Only after they had finished watching the football game did they begin to prepare for the math
examination.
2. 1) The young woman described to the policemen the way the man ran up to her and grabbed the
bag from her hand.
2) All the people working for Sam Walton admire the way he manages Wal-Mart and the way he
treats his employees.
3) The neighbors were disgusted at the way he talked to his old father.
4) It's amazing the way the eight-year-old boy managed to stay so calm when he faced the
emergency.
Comprehensive Exercises
I. Cloze
(A)
1. Cheerful 3. Executive 5. Reward 7. Loyalty 9. Qualified 11. folks
(B)
1. From 3. Spent 5. Through 7. Built 9. led/lived 11. millionaires
13. Answer 15. By 2. threw his weight around 4. treatment
6. Cultivate 8. Stock 10. Scholarships 12. Local 2. Their 4. away
6. To阿 8. Who 10. It 12. Then 14. Wealth 16. Character no'.h
- 102 - Appendix I
II. Translation
George was on the run since the moment he came aboard. He was always cheerful and
devoted himself heart and soul to his work. Because of his excellent performance he was promoted
to CEO. From then on he tried hard to blend in with the workers and never threw his
weight around. He also laid down/ introduced a reward system to encourage the workers to work
hard. He believed that loyalty and hard work would greatly contribute to the success of the
company. By all accounts he was an outstanding chief executive officer.
Part III TextB
Comprehension Check
L.c 3. A 5. D 2. B 4. D 6. c
Translation
Language Practice
1. Replace 3. Selected 5. Conducted 7. Additional 9. Confronted 11. crisis
13. Resolve 15. appeals to 17. In the opinion of 19. factors
2. take ... On 4. Involved 6. Range 8. Tremendous 10. Call...in 12. naturally
14. Related 16. Former 18. of their choice 20. project
-103-
Part IV Theme-Related Language Learning Tasks
Model paper
Informal invitation
1324 ShuiDian Road Shanghai 200434 21/11/01 Dear Tom,
I'm having a party to celebrate my birthday in a couple of weeks time on Saturday 2nd
December, starting at seven. It would be lovely if you could make it, please let me know whether
you can or not.
Best wishes,
Bob
Informal acceptance
Dear Bob,
I'd love to come to your party then. An  d help celebrat e you r
birthday. Look forward to seeing you
Bye for now,     Tom
Unit 3
Part II Text A
Text Organization
Vocabulary
I. 1. 1) swallow 2) dumb 3) Overall 4) glorious 5) welfare 6) repeatedly
7) interference 8) fading 9) junior 10) frank 11) distract 12) at any rate
13) has narrowed down 14) in unison  15) has come over
2. 1) The security council consists of five generals and four police officers.
2) The new hotel will be in a location overlooking the lake.
No. Settings
1 A fast-food restaurant 2 The Thompson family dining room
3 An office at a high school
Scenes Main Ideas
Scene One Father embarrassed Sean by talking too proudly to the
restaurant Manager.
Scene Two Father embarrassed Diane by persuading a work-mate
into pressing his son to ask her to the senior prom.
Scene Three Father embarrassed Heidi by boasting to an official of
her new school about how bright she was.
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix I - 109 -
3) I was embarrassed by her comments about my clothes.
4) Do you have any proof that it was Henry who stole the computer?
5) The boy was exhausted after the long cycle ride.
3. 1) That exceptional stamp was handed down by your grandfather , and is worth a fortune.
You should have known better than to trade it for a few drinks.
2) Company executives are always looking out for talented college graduates to hire as junior
employees.
3) The doctor in charge of his case asked him to fill out one form after another, but kept him
in suspense as to what they were for.
II. Collocation
1. adequate 2. Anxious 3. certain 4. Content 5. crazy 6. likely
7. fortunate 8. keen
III. Usage
1. be admitted 2. Live 3. be postponed 4. Buy 5. be banned 6. be
Structure
1. 1) I do whatever I can 2) Whatever does that mean
2. 3) Whatever had happened 4) Whatever it is that you like
3. 1) You ought to know better than to go swimming right after lunch.
2) Aunt Betty certainly knows better than to invest all her money in one company's stock.
3) Jenny is old enough to know better than to spend all her time playing computer games.
4) Allen should have known better than to lend such a large sum of money to that untrustworthy
cousin of his.
? ■ ■
Comprehensive Exercises
I. Cloze
(A)
1. welfare 2. constant
II. Translation
George, the son of Mr. Johnson, liked listening to heavy metal music in the evenings, and the
noise interrupted the sleep of other residents in the community. Eventually the exhausted neighbors
lost their patience and decided on direct interference. They called Mr. Johnson to tell him in
a frank manner what they were thinking. Embarrassed. Mr. Johnson scolded his son: "What has
come over you? You should know better than to disturb others for the sake of your own interest."
As a result George traded his records for computer games software from his classmates. Overall.
the whole thing has worked out quite satisfactorily.
Part III TextB
Comprehension Check
l.d 2. A 3. b 4. C 5.d 6. b
Translation
(#ja Appendix III)
3. frank 4. Talent 5. embarrassing 6. Dumb 7. repeatedly 8. constant
9. interference 10. Bet 11. Overall 12. trade
(B)
1. send 2. Should 3. picture 4. His 5. as 6. worse
7. too 8. Consider 9. But 10. However 11. from 12.it
13. jacket 14. After 15. never
Language Practice
Part IV Theme-Related Language Learning Tasks
Model paper
Mother: Nancy, you've been home from school for three days now. Why don't you clean up your
room?
Nancy: We don't have to clean up our rooms at school.
Mother: That's all very well, Nancy. But while you're at home, your Dad and I would like you to
keep your room clean.
Nancy: What difference does it make? It's my room.
Mother: That's as may be, but you might give a thought to your father. He's frightened to death of
the plague and now says if it is going to start anywhere in the country, it's going to start in
your room.
Nancy: Mother, you people aren't interested in anything that's relevant. Do you realize how the
major corporations are polluting our environment?
Mother: Your father and I are very worried about it. But right now we're more concerned with the
pollution in your room.
Nancy: For heaven's sake, Mother, I'm grown up now. Why do you have to treat me like a child?
Mother: We're not treating you like a child. But it's very hard for us to think of you as an adult when
you go round throwing all your clothes on the floor.
1. sake 2. Acknowledged 3. aware 4. Embraced 5. mood 6. to the contrary
7. polished off 8. Beneath 9. legal 10. Rare 11. justify 12. define
13. disturbs 14. notion15. look forward to 16. respond
17. have ... to yourself 18. Let go of 19. for her sake 20. contrary
Unit4
Part II Text A
Text Organization l.
2. The first paragraph tells about the consequences of living a virtual life and the last tells about the
author's return to it. Together, they show us the dilemma people at present are in: Because of
modern technology, we have a choice between a virtual life and real life, but we find both unsatisfactory.
The author, however, finally has to choose the latter despite its negative effects.
Contents Paragraphs
1. Description of the author's virtual life 2-3
2. How she feels about it after staying on the
Net for a while
1,4-10, 13
3. What she does to return to the real world 11
4. How she feels about the real world 12
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
- 114 - Appendix I
Vocabulary
I. 1. 1) conversely 3) but then 5) spitting 7) tone 9) editing
11) Internet 13) stretched 15) angles
2. 1) The sight of teenagers smoking cigarettes jars on me.
2) I turned on the TV just to relax a little bit after a heavy dinner, but soon I found myself
getting sucked in by the fascinating plot of a science fiction film.
3) Jeffrey's computer crashed again this morning. The manager has arranged for a technician
from the computer store to check and repair it.
4) During the Vietnam War, many young Americans fled their country to avoid military service.
Or: During the Vietnam War, many young Americans fled to other countries to avoid
military service.
5) The new government is planning an anti-corruption campaign so as to restore people's
confidence in it.
3. 1) The traditional school will never go away, but the virtual classroom is playing a more and
more important role. Obviously, the online student relies on the computer. To get started,
he must have his computer hooked up to the Internet through a phone line and modem. To
be successful, he must keep up with the class and complete all work on time. Once he gets
behind, it is almost impossible to catch up.
2) When the economy slows down, the worst nightmare for an employee is losing his job. In
addition to money problems, the emotional stress is hard to bear. Hunting for a job is now
the daily routine of many workers like Henry Smith. He fills out applications and writes
resumes and submits them to various companies, expecting an interview. But in times of
rising unemployment, even job interviews are hard to get. He takes great care not to miss
any appointment, for if he missed it, it would be all but impossible to arrange for another
one.
3) "The dot.com bubble has burst. Venture capitalists have become cautious in putting more
2) relationship 4) symptom 6) abusing 8) took (her) in 10) communicate
12) insight 14) data
Appendix I - 115
money into the IT industry and small investors are taking their cue," said the chairman in
his concluding speech. It is clear from these remarks that the ever-optimistic economist
has changed his tune.
II. Collocation
1. We came here all the way on foot.
2. Private cars are not allowed on campus.
3. They are on vacation in Florida.
4. Mary has been talking to her friend on the phone for an hour.
5. Don't worry, Lucy is always on time.
6. Industrial demand on fuel is on the rise.
III. Usage
l.hard 2. Difficult 3. impossible 4. Tough 5. hard 6. easy
Structure
1. 1) Anyone who has talked with him will see Mark is a person of remarkable intelligence.
2) The book is of no value to one who is not familiar with the subject.
3) She is a woman of wealth. She never has to worry about money.
4) In today's job market, basic skills in computer science and foreign languages are of great
importance.
2. 1) you will find yourself penniless in a month.
2) he found himself lying in a hospital ward
3) she found herself faced with the toughest job she had ever taken
4) Susan found herself in a trap from which she could not escape.
Comprehensive Exercises
I. Cloze
(A)
1. Internet 2. Click 3. nightmare 4. Sucked 5. email 6. rely
116 - Appendix I
II. Translation
Perhaps you envy me for being able to work from home on the computer. I agree that the
Internet has made my job a lot easier. I can write, submit and edit articles via email, chat with my
colleagues on line and discuss work with my boss. With a click of the mouse, I can get all the data
I need and keep up with the latest news. But then, communicating through the Net can be frustrating
at times. The system may crash. Worse still, without the emotional cues of face-to-face
communication, the typed words sometimes seem difficult to interpret.
Part III TextB
Comprehension check
1. c 2. A 3. a 4. B 5. d 6. c
Translation
(#ja Appendix III)
7. communicating 8. Emotional 9. At times 10. Flee 11. on line
(B)
1. between 2. The 3. to 4. Away 5. on 6. Work 7. enables 8. local
9. reach 10. Benefits 11. because 12. provides/brings 13. does 14. in
15. making 16. With 17. Nor 18. virtual
Appendix
I
-117-
Language Practice
1. vehicle 2. hooked on 3. intense 4. Communication 5. worldwide 6. overnight
7. individual 8. Slipped 9. version 10. on the whole
11. called forth 12. Outwards 13. acquaintances 14. Needless to say
15. to my knowledge 16. On top of that 17. innocent 18. tendencies
19. plot 20. Scattered
Part IV Theme-Related Language Learning Tasks
Model paper
The Internet Will Not Isolate Us from One Another
Since I bought a computer last month, a new world has opened up before me, a world that
reaches far beyond my immediate surroundings.
Every morning, the first thing I do after opening my eyes is to access the Internet to look at the
top news stories of the day. In the evening, I will again sit by my computer and roam the world. The
Internet brings me live World Cup football games and the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center.
It also enables me to communicate with my friends via email. The other day I got a message from an
old classmate whom I hadn't heard from for years. She got my email address just by searching the
website of my university! In addition to helping us keep up old ties, it also brings me new friends with
whom I meet virtually in chat rooms. We exchange views on topics of interest and pour our hearts
out to one another like intimate friends.
So, instead of isolating us from one another, the Internet serves to shorten or eliminate distance,
and helps to bring friends closer. (187 words)
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
- 116 - Appendix I
Units
Part II Text A
Text Organization
2. 1) It also has the element of flying, and the thought of flying as high as a two-story building is a
mere fantasy to anyone watching such an event. As long as Michael could remember he had
always dreamed of flying. 2) All of Michael's vaults today seemed to be the reward for his
hard work.
Vocabulary
1.
Parts Paragraphs Main Ideas
Part One Paras 1-2 Michael faced the most challenging competition in his polevaulting
career.
Part Two Paras 3-5 Michael' s childhood was marked with dreams and tough
training.
Part Three Paras 6-12 Michael topped his personal best, won the championship
and set a new world record.
Part Four Para 13 What was most unusual about Michael's victory was that
he was blind.
I. 1. 1) startled
3) tension
5) sweating
7) vain
9) anxiety
11) emotions
13) In my mind's eye
15) mere
2) core
4) tense
6) stretched out
8) On one occasion
10) detail
12) ashamed of
14) recurring
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix I - 121 -
2. 1) Mrs. White's birthday coincides with her husband's, iiovi
2) The writer was assisted in the preparation of this article by other members of her family.
3) It has been a week of alternate sunshine and rain.
4) Politics and philosophy had been his lifelong passions, although he studied economics at
university.
5) She grew tense as she waited for her first TV interview.
3. 1) Jessica's victory in the World Championships, which has aroused the media's attention,
again bears out the fact that she is one of the best gymnasts in the world. And no one can
deny that it is a delight to watch her performing various skills with natural grace.
2) With so many relatives along with friends coming to their wedding to congratulate them on
their marriage, the young couple felt like the happiest people in the world.
3) Frank had made full preparations for his oral presentation. However, when he did begin to
speak, he was so overwhelmed by the intensity of the situation that he couldn't find a way
to relax himself and made numerous mistakes.
--------- -----------
II. Collocation
1) Mike, a Green, made the suggestion that a large park be built near the community.
2) In a letter to his daughter, Mr. Smith expressed his wish that she (should) continue her education
to acquire still another degree.
3) There is no reason to hold the belief that humans have no direct moral responsibility to safeguard
the welfare of animals.
4) Children need to feel safe about the world they grow up in, and it is unwise to give them the
idea that everything they come into contact with might be a threat.
5) Anxiety can result from the notion that life has not treated us fairly.
6) Nobody believed his claim that he was innocent.
III.Words withMultiple Meanings
1.1 work out in the gym for one hour every morning.
2. Florence has worked as a cleaner at the factory for five years.
3. The wounded man worked his way across the field on his hands and knees.
4. The safe load for a truck of this type works out at about twenty-five tons.
5. It is difficult to understand how human minds work.
6. To my disappointment, the manager's plan of promoting the new products doesn't work at
all.
7. The teacher has a lot of experience of working with children who don't know how to learn.
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
-122- Appendix I
8. The medicine began to work one hour after the child took it.
Structure
1. (Answers may vary.)
1) It was his dream and hard work that made it possible for him to set a world record in the pole
vault.
2) It was nine years ago that I began to learn English.
3) It is my parents who have exerted the greatest influence on me.
4) It was in Central Park that I met John.
2. 1) Obviously what the speaker wanted to emphasize was the impact of these findings rather than
the process that led to these findings.
2) It seems that he is never bothered about what people would think about his behavior.
3) The CEO never hesitates to let his employees know what he is planning for the company.
4) The scientist will show the audience what a tele-operated robot can do for a family.
Comprehensive txercises
I. Cloze
(A)
1. In my mind's eye
3. sweating
5. tense
7. preparation
9. media
(B)
1. what
3. an
5. will
7. got
9. in
11. support
13. After
15. face
2. detail
4. relax
6. fantasy
8. congratulate
10. emotion
2. for
4. rarely/never
6. longed/wished
8. Then
10. life
12. to
14. run
16. but
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix I - 128 -
II. Translation
Psychologists have used numerous facts to bear out the argument/statement/claim that in
order to recover speedily from negative emotion, you should allow yourself to cry. You needn't/
don't have to be ashamed of crying. Anxiety and sorrow can flow out of the body along with
tears.
Consider the case of /Take Donna. Her son unfortunately died in a car accident. The intensity
of the blow made her unable to cry. She said, "It was not until two weeks later that I began
to cry. And then I felt as if a big stone had been lifted from my shoulders. It was the tears that
brought me back to earth."
Part III TextB
Comprehension Check
l.b
3. b
5. c
2. c
4. b
6. a
translation
(#J& Appendix III)
Language Practice
1. aid
3. inclined
5. horrible
7. dismiss
9. impatient
11. optimistic
13. ease
15. install
17. shortcomings
19. bumped
2 traits
4. in spite of
6. penetrated
8. has suffered from
10. progressive
12. to a degree
14. hold on to
16. in good health
18. interval(s)
20. miserable
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
- 124 - Appendix I
Part IV Theme-Related Language Learning Tasks
■ ■
Model paper
The Change in Mr. Manwaring
There is no doubt about it. Hal Manwaring has definitely changed. And changed for the better.
He still limps, of course, still has trouble getting in and out of his car and climbing stairs. He still needs
his stick to get about. Everyone feels sorry for him, naturally. They always have, ever since he first
started suffering from his disease all those years ago. But, to be honest, in recent years people started
to avoid him, he had become so bitter he hadn't a good word to say about anyone or anything.
Understandable, you might say, but that didn't make him any better company.
Then, all of a sudden, ever since that big storm we had last month, he picked himself up and
now has a cheerful word and a smile for everyone. Where once you would see him sitting hunched
up on his porch for hours on end, now you see him hopping about all over town. He has even taken
up helping to teach on the adult literacy programme. Just what happened he won't say, but whatever
it was it certainly did him a power of good. (189 words)
Unit 6
Part II Text A
Text Organization
1.
2. The author explains how difficult it is to be a superwoman mainly by d.
personal experiences And give facts to support your choice.
1) She is unable to get her act together.
2) She can almost expect something to go wrong as soon as she sets to work.
3) Anything might happen that would take up much more of time she puts aside for a certain job.
4) She usually feels exhausted after a busy day.
Parts Paragraphs Main Ideas
Part One Paras 1-3 Despite her friend's advice, the author, unable to resist the temptation,
falls for superwomen stories again.
Part Two Paras 4-7 Her encounter with a superwoman and its impact on her.
Part Three Paras 8-11 She tells about what prevents her from becoming a superwoman
herself.
Part Four Paras 12-14 She analyzes why she is still fascinated by modern superwomen
tales.
Part Five Para 15 She comes to the conclusion that to her, admiring a heroine is
something worth doing.
Vocabulary
I. 1. 1) incredible
3) hits home
2) remainder
4) investment
课后答案网，用心为你服
务！www.khdaw.com
-126- Appendix
I
5) by nature 6) lap
7) decorate 8) harmony
9) move on to 10) bulletin
11) at intervals 12) client
13) theory 14) item
15) military
2. 1) Though Roger is absolutely convinced that the plan will work, I am still skeptical
of/about
it-
2) Carol's worrying about her daughter has much to do with her being hooked on the Internet
recently.
3) Alison's so disorganized― I wish she'd get her act together.
4) Despite her resolution not to believe such modern fairy tales any more, she couldn't resist
the idea of admiring superheroines.
5) Mention of the controversy over the matter would still undo her.
3.
1) Don't be taken in by his charming manner; he is hard and cruel by nature and rarely shows
pity for the poor, rusrnc
2) The rescue team is racing the clock to salvage (打捞) the bodies of the sailors trapped
in the sunken submarine (潜水艇) with sophisticated equipment.
3) The original draft of the declaration strongly reproaches some big powers for possessing
large numbers of nuclear weapons and consuming too much of the earth's natural resources.
II. Synonyms
1. also
3. too
5. as well/too
7. also
III. Usage
1. I used to hate jogging but I'm actually growing to like it now.
2. We didn't have the chance to see her ― she was too busy.
3. It seems she was coming to understand it better as she grew older.
4. How did you manage to become a television anchorwoman?
5. Gradually I came to like the proposal she brought forward in the group discussion.
2. as well/too
4. also
6. too
8. Also
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix I - 129 -
6. You're becoming more and more like your mother.
Structure
1. 1) If only it were that simple!
2) We could go out this afternoon if only it would stop raining.
3) If only she hadn't told David about that, everything would have been all right.
4) If only she hadn't come into the room at that particular moment.
2. 1) Tom is/was too intelligent for his class so he is/was not learning anything there.
2) The task is/was far too difficult for a nine-year-old.
3) There are/were too many people for such a small room.
4) The noise became too much for me so I went and complained.
Comprehensive Exercises
I. Cloze
(A)
1. incredible
3. care for
5. decorate
7. put pen to paper
9. piece of cake
11. despite
(B)
l.One
3. having
5. wrong
7. with
9. to
11. in
13. true
15. Eventually
17. later
2. corporation
4. set aside
6. move on
8. draft
10. get our act together
12. charmed
2. when
4. However
6. not
8. if
10. reads
12. should
14. up
16. plus
II. Translation
Barbara has dreamed of becoming a CEO for a long time. To achieve her heart's desire, she
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
- 130 - Appendix I
applied for a job in many a multi-national corporation, but failed to get it. However, nothing seems
to be able to undo her. With a loan from a local bank she opened a restaurant not long ago. While
doing business she is having two young children to care for. Also, she is working at/studying for
an MBA degree. Despite all this she manages to get her act together. Nevertheless, even to her,
racing the clock is by no means a piece of cake. It's a very exhausting job.
Part III TextB
Comprehension Check
l.b
3.d
5. d
7. a 2. a
4. b
6. c
Translation
(#J& Appendix III)
Language Practice
1. set out
3. temporary
5. weighed down
7. plentiful
9. pleaded
11. in control of
13. expense
15. reaction
17. at every opportunity
19. soak up
2. renewed
4. sought after
6. quit
8. takes all the credit
10. died of
12. party
14. lives for
16. semester
18. stir
20. take ... back
.
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix I - 181
Part IV Theme-Related Language Learning Tasks
Model paper
Women Hold up Half the Sky
"Men are born free but everywhere they are in chains," wrote the French philosopher Rousseau.
Being a man he forgot to add that the chains that hold women back are often stronger and heavier. It
is true that women are no longer tied to the home, and have entered fully into the world of work.
Nevertheless, childbirth and greater responsibilities for childcare can put women at a disadvantage in
competition with men. The situation is made all the more difficult by discrimination against women in
selection and promotion in certain professions.
There are a number of ways to remedy this situation. Improving women's confidence about
what they can achieve is one. Destroying male prejudices is another. But the answer lies not just in
changing ideas. Material support in the form of improved childcare facilities is needed, as is greater
protection from the law against sexual discrimination. (152words)
Unit?
Part II Text A
Text Organization 1.
1 Ship by truck and send cargo by ship: The first "ship" means "send", the second one "a large boat".
2 Have noses that run and feet that smell: This refers to what people usually say" have a running nose", "have smelly feet".
3 a wise guy and a wise man: The former refers to a person who pretends to know more than he does; the latter to a man of
unusual learning.
Parts Paragraphs Main Ideas
Part One Paras 1-3 Massive borrowing from other languages is a major feature of
the English language.
Part Two Paras 4-16 Tells about the history of the English language from the Indo-
European parent language to modern English.
Part Three Paras 17-19 Tolerance, love of freedom, and respect for the rights of oth-ers
― these qualities in the English-speaking people explain the
richness of their language.
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix I - 188
2.
Vocabulary
I. 1. 1) independent 2) Strictly speaking
3) drifted 4) resembles
5) virtually 6) invaded
7) conquered 8) fascinating
9) snack 10) will be put into practice
11) classics ..12) source
13) climate 14) surrendered
15) were ... aroused
2. 1) In the United States, private cars are an absolute necessity rather than a luxury.
2) Everyone thinks that the new member is a valuable addition to the football team.
3) I am afraid the fire will get out of control if the firemen do not arrive within ten minutes.
4) As all flights to the United States have been cancelled, you have no alternative but to go via
Vancouver to get to Seattle.
5) The government has declared all beef imports will be banned for the next six months for
fear of the spread of mad cow disease.
3. 1) Through systematic research, scientists have invented many drugs that are said to help us
live longer, but the cause of aging remains, to a very real extent, one of life's mysteries. 2)
The two parties have reached an agreement to establish a joint venture in Beijing, but
before a formal contract is signed, some clauses in the draft agreement need to be modi-
Paras 4-9 The introduction of the Indo-European language―the parent language of Enriyioj
won-gksh
Paras 10-11 Germanic tribes came to settle in Britain and brought Anglo-Saxon words ―
Old English
Para 12 The Christian religion enriched English with words fromGreek and Latin
Para 13 The Vikings from Scandinavia came with words from Old Norse
Para 14 The Norman Conquest ― French influence
Para 15 The European Renaissance and the printing press brought many new words
from Latin and Greek
Para 16 The American revolution ― the emergence of a new variety ― American English
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
- 184 - Appendix I
fied/modifying so that no misunderstanding will arise as to their interpretation. 3) Our
ancestors have passed onto us the wisdom that to ensure the long-lasting prosperity of a
country, we must show tolerance for the errors made by those who strike out revolution-ary
paths. These people, with their new ideas and practice, will enrich the national experi-ence.
II. Synonyms
1. a) wish
2. a) skin
3. a) rear/raise
4. a) royal
b) wish
b) hide/skin
b) raise
b) kingly/royal
c) want
c) hide
c) rear/raise
c) sovereign
d) wish/want
d) skin
d) raise
d) royal/kingly
III. Usage
1.Indeed
3. Frankly
5. To my knowledge
7. Nevertheless
9. instead
i
2. though
4. Moreover
6. however
8. Yet
10. in other words
l
1) We are literally crawling. There must be some traffic accident ahead.
2) Thomas sounds very knowledgeable about traditional Chinese medicine. He must have had
some special training.
3) The draft document is complete in virtually every detail. It must have taken him months to
prepare it.
4) Cathy must have missed the train. She should have arrived here two hours ago.
5) What? It cost you one thousand dollars to fill a hollow tooth? You must be exaggerating!
2. 1) Are we supposed to deposit our bags before entering the supermarket?
2) The spaceship is supposed to land on Mars at 10:40 this morning.
3) As a car driver, you are supposed to know how to change a tire.
4) The nurses in the hospital are supposed to take good care of the patients.
5) We are supposed to speak only in English when we discuss text organization.
Structure
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix I - 185 -
Comprehensive fxercises
I. Cloze
(A)
1. fascinating
3. invented
5. ban
7. out of control
9. Fortunately
11. sources
(B)
1) early
3) found
5) source
7) in
9) how
11) given/delivered
13) by
15) without
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
2. tolerance
4. addition
6. corrupt
8. establishing
10. Massive
12. enrich
2) those
4) must
6) further
8) began
10) in
12) than
14) so
16) common
II. Translation
Though how the English language came into existence remains a mystery, linguists/language
scientists now tend to believe that English and most other European languages have descended
from a common source; the Indo-European parent language. English was first spoken by the
Anglo-Saxons who invaded England in the fifth century. They passed onto us the basic vocabulary
of English. In its over 15 centuries of development, English has borrowed from other languages
massively, and such borrowing has greatly enriched its vocabulary. As settlers landed in
America and established the United States as an independent nation, a new variety was added to
the English language: American English. Though some people worry that the language is running
out of control, many native speakers of English take pride in the tolerance of their language.
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
- 136 - Appendix I
Part III TextB
Comprehension Check
1. c 2. c
3. c 4. d
5. b 6. d
Translation
(#J& Appendix III)
Part IV Theme-Related Language Learning Tasks
Model paper
Estimates of English Speakers from 1950 to 2050
This graph shows the changes of the estimated numbers of English speakers from 1950 to
2050. English speakers are divided into three groups, i.e., LI speakers, L2 speakers and EFL speakers.
According to the graph, it is estimated that the number of LI speakers was a little over 200
Language Practice
1. give way to 2. predict
3. substantial 4. integrate
5. in transition 6. aspect
7. professionals 8. genuine
9. economic 10. to name a few
11. authority 12. dominate
13. crude 14. trend
15. shift 16. had contributed to
17. unique 18. exceeding
19. rid yourself of 20. status
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix I -137-
million in 1950, a figure that will increase to around 450 million by 2050. L2 speakers will triple
during the same period, from less than 200 million to around 600 million. EFL speakers will double in
number over the period, starting from about 400 million in 1950 and reaching to over 900 million in
2050.
Although the numbers of English speakers in all three groups tend to increase, their patterns of
increase are different. LI speakers increase steadily over the entire period, but not as rapidly as L2
speakers. This rapid growth is predicted to lead to L2 speakers outnumbering LI speakers by the
year 2010. Trends for the number of EFL speakers follow a somewhat different path. While the
figures remained stable during the 1950s they then began to experience an increasingly sharp rise that
is expected to level off and remain stable from 2020. (195 words)
Unit 8
Part II Text A
Text Organization 1.
Parts Central Argument Supporting Details
Part One (Paras 1-5) It is important to distinguish be- 1. the ozone layer: skin cancer; planktween
environmental necessities ton
and environmental luxuries and 2. the green house effect: melting ice
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
- 140 - Appendix I
2. 1) environmental luxuries vs. environmental necessities
2) sensible environmentalism vs. sentimental environmentalism
3) man vs. nature
Vocabulary
I. 1. 1) universal 2) current
3) worked his way 4) deny
5) melt 6) came through
7) threat 8) combat
9) in the name of 10) raged
11) vote 12) concerns
13) in part 14) reality
15) urgent
2. 1) There has been much debate on the new teaching method invented by a young educationist.
2) Most kinds of cancer are fatal without proper treatment.
3) John has submitted an application for retirement at the age of 56 on the grounds of ill
health.
4) Can you draw a distinction between these two approaches? They sound so similar to me.
5) Cars should stop at red traffic lights. Similarly, bicycles should stop, too.
3. 1) Ecologists constantly call for people to stop cutting trees for the sake of man's own future.
apply the fundamental principle caps; disturbed climate; dried up
of sensible environmentalism. plains; empty breadbaskets
3. man's self-preservation
Part Two (Paras 6-11) A sensible environmentalism 1. the so-called "Gaia theory"
does not sentimentalize the earth. 2. Protagoras' principle
3. oil war and the reindeer
4. the spotted owl and logging families
Part Three (Paras 12-14) Man is the master of nature. 1. man's well-being first
2. who should accommodate and
how
3. humanistic environmentalism
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix 1 - 141 -
As a matter of fact, more and more people have realized that man's fate is closely bound
up with his environment.
2) We distinguish the excellent manager from the common one by observing his human relations
skills to accommodate all kinds of conflicting interests within his company. The
excellent manager can always create a lively atmosphere through various proposals and
suggestions while the common one can do nothing more than complain about everything.
3) It goes against the grain of contemporary concept of ecology ( 生态学) to overuse
our natural resources regardless of serious ecological consequences. While it is ridiculous
to worship the earth to the point of excess, to ignore the fundamental principles of
ecologi-cal balance is dangerous too.
II.ConfusableWords
1. 1) sensible
3) sentimental
5) sensible
2. 1) conserve
3) conserve
2) sensitive
4) sensitive
6) sentimental
2) preserves
4) preserving
III.Word Formation
age-old 古老的
air force 空军
daughter-in-law 儿媳妇
first-rate 一流的
greenhouse 温室
half brother 同母异父兄弟；同父异母兄弟
ice-cream 冰激凌
lifelike 逼真的
light year 光年
salesperson 售货员；推销员
self-centered 以自己为中心的，自私的
threefold 三倍
overuse 过度使用
stone-still 石头似的一动不动
worldwide 全世界范围的；在全世界范围的
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
- 142 - Appendix I
Structure
1. 1) Now that he has begun a new life in a foreign country, everything seems so different and he is
understandably excited.
2) The things I've worked so hard for appear to me so shallow and worthless now that I've
achieved them.
3) Now that the warmer months are coming, why don't you take the opportunity to travel
around Siberia?
4) Now that she knew the whole truth she realized how stupid she had been not to suspect that
her boyfriend was actually a spy.
2. 1) When Mount Qomolangma was remeasured in 1987 by a more accurate method, it was found
to be 24 meters higher than previously believed.
2) The central heating system has proved less effective than originally hoped for.
3) The new electronic dictionary is sold at a much lower price than predicted.
4) Totally fed up with the noise in the surroundings of the hotel, Prof. Sherrington said he'd leave
as soon as he finished his work and wouldn't stay there a moment longer than necessary.
Comprehensive Exercises
I. Cloze
(A)
1. concern
3. excess
5. consequences
7. distinguish
9. distinctions
(B)
1. between
3. conserving
5. concern
7. own
9. use
11. as
13. lower
2. environment
4. regardless
6. fatal
8. urgent
10. fundamental
2. than
4. less
6. that
8. more
10. mankind/man
12. which
14. differences
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
Appendix I -148-
II. Translation
It is relatively more difficult to call for poorly educated people to conserve resources because
they tend to view resources as nothing more than handy materials, which they can never
overuse to the point of excess. They are seldom aware of the fatal consequences of the ruin of
nature. In contrast, most educated people bind their own well-being to that of nature and try to
preserve nature on the grounds of self-preservation. Though it may be difficult to distinguish a
good proposal from a bad one in our current debate on environmental issues, one contemporary
commentator has argued that protecting the environment in the name of man should be our
guiding principle.
Part III Text B
Comprehension Check
1. a
3. d
5. d
2. b
4. a
6. c
Translation
(#JE Appendix III)
Language Practice
1. nothing but
3. get away from
5. Pollute
7. assumptions
9. has rusted
11. dump
13. substance
15. triumph
17. hardens
19. Uttered
2. patches
4. spoil
6. explosion
8. enables
10. washed up
12. stained
14. destruction
16. pinched
18. For all
20. mankind
课后答案网，用心为你服务！www.khdaw.com
- 144 - Appendix I
Part IV Theme-Related Language Learning Tasks
Model paper
My Thoughts on Environmental Protection
When faced with all kinds of environmental problems, many people seem to believe that we
have to choose either economic prosperity or environmental protection. In my view, this is a false
choice. I think that economic development and environmental protection can and must coexist.
It is true that development has brought with it a number of environmental problems, such as air
pollution, water shortages and acid rain, but at the same time modern industry and commerce have
greatly improved our lives. Few would wish to live without the benefits of television, automobiles,
computers, etc. To stop developing our industry and commerce for the sake of nature alone is pure
sentimentalism.
Of course, we can't allow economic growth to go on at the expense of the environment, either.
When a healthy environment is gone, everything that our life depends on is gone, too. So, we must
protect the environment―not for the sake of the environment alone―but for the sake of man.
(168words)
