     AppWizard has created a Text Xplore project for you. It is the
starting point for writing your custom Xplore application. It demonstrates the
basics of creating a custom Xplore application.
     Besides creating all the necessary files, Xplore AppWizard has added two extra
project configurations for SDS and GNU builds. It enables you to cross compile
for the Xplore platform in a convenient way. Having SDS and/or GNU development
tools installed is a prerequisite.
This file contains a summary of what you will find in each of the files that
make up your Text Xplore project.

Text.dsw
    This file (the project workspace file) contains information on the contents
    and organization of the project workspace. Other users can share the project
	workspace (.dsw) file, but they should export the makefiles locally.

    Files associated with the project workspace file are a project file (.dsp)
    for each project in the workspace and a workspace options file (.opt).

Text.dsp
    This file (the project file) contains information at the project level and
    is used to build a single project or subproject. Other users can share the
    project (.dsp) file, but they should export the makefiles locally.
    
Text.opt
    This file (the workspace options file) contains the workspace settings that
    you specify in the Project Settings dialog. These settings specify the
    appearance of the project workspace using your hardware and configuration.

    This binary file is automatically generated when you open the .dsw or .dsp
    file in the IDE. You should not share the .opt file, because it contains
    information specific to your computer.

Text.ncb
    This file provides information on the NCB (No Compile Browse) parser, the
    mechanism that updates ClassView and WizardBar.

    This is a binary file that is generated automatically and should not be
    shared.

Text.c
    This file is the main Xplore project source file that contains the
    definition of XploreMain().

Text.h
    This file is the main header file for the Xplore project. It includes three
	standard header files : XTYPE.H, XSTRUCT.H and XPLOREOS.H files.

Text.set
    This file contains the setting of the Xplore application. It includes the
    class to which it belongs, its English and Chinese name, location of icon
    resource and stack size it uses.

TextS.bmp, TextT.bmp, TextE.bmp
    These files are bitmap resource of application icons in simplified Chinese,
    traditional Chinese and English respectively.

Xplore is the registered trademark of Group Sense Limited.
SDS is the registered trademark of Software Development Systems, Inc.
GNU is the registered trademark of Free Software Foundation, Inc.

Other Notes:

Xplore AppWizard uses "TODO:" to indicate parts of the source code you should
add to or customize.

9.1 Effects of minimum improvement
The first experiment (Figure 5) shows the effect of different minimp settings as minsup is
varied. Minconf in these experiments is left unspecified, which disables pruning with the minimum
confidence constraint. 