    全新版第二版听说B3U10-A

    Part I    Listening Comprehension  ( 30 minutes ) 



    Section A 

    Directions: In this section, you will hear several conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversations and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer.


    1.
    	
    A) On the 6th.  
    B) On Saturday.  
    C) On the 17th.  
    D) On Sunday.  
    Script: Man: I am very happy to give you information about the next workshop. On Saturday the 16th there's Building Castles.
    Woman: Oh, sounds great!

    Question: What is the day for the workshop of building castles?

    正确答案： B
    2.
    	
    A) The Central Station.  
    B) London Station.  
    C) The National Services.  
    D) The King Street Station.  
    Script: Man: Can you please tell me about trains to London? I'll need to go there on business for one day.
    Woman: Then you need to go to the Central Station D that's for national services. The King Street Station here is for local commuter lines.

    Question: Which station should those local commuters go to?

    正确答案： D
    3.
    	
    A) She has finished her writing assignment.  
    B) She has not started with the writing assignment yet.  
    C) She forgot about the assignment.  
    D) She is doing some schedule.  
    Script: Man: Hello, Sandy. How have you been getting on with your writing assignment?
    Woman: Well, my schedule is now messed up with another assignment from the Theater and Drama course.

    Question: What does the woman mean?

    正确答案： B
    4.
    	
    A) Employer and employee.  
    B) Co-workers.  
    C) Professor and student.  
    D) Father and daughter.  
    Script: Man: Let's talk about your paper. I've very much enjoyed reading it. Your written style is very clear and you have included lots of interesting descriptions of education in your target area. I have just got a couple of suggestions for additional work. Say, a few more statistics about the schools in the different zones.
    Woman: All right. I will try.

    Question: What is the possible relation between these two speakers?

    正确答案： C
    5.
    	
    A) 50 euros.  
    B) 2,000 euros.  
    C) 125 pounds.  
    D) 75 euros.  
    Script: Woman: How much would you like to open your account with? We usually ask for a minimum sum of 50 pounds. That's about 75 euros.
    Man: well, I am going to transfer 2,000 euro from my Dutch account, just till I get paid.

    Question: How much money should the man have at least to open his account？

    正确答案： D
    Questions 6 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

    Script: Woman: Did you see the new movie, The McQuillan Story? I'm writing a movie review for the school paper.
    Man: I went to see it last week. What did you think of it?
    Woman: I liked it. I thought it was entertaining, although it wasn't groundbreaking, by any means.
    Man: You thought it was entertaining? I thought it was awful. I almost walked out. The acting was dull and uninspired, and the direction was unprofessional.
    Woman: Aren't you being too critical? It was the director's first movie and I thought his directorial debut wasn't bad. If there was a problem, it was with the script.
    Man: Don't get me started on the script! The story was so predictable and the dialogue was pretentious. This movie is going to be unsuccessful for sure.
    Woman: Oh, I don't know. I think some people may enjoy it.
    Man: If you want to do your readers a favor, you'd tell them to skip this movie and save their money!
    6.
    	
    A) He thought it was entertaining.  
    B) He thought it was groundbreaking.  
    C) He considered it terrible.  
    D) He considered it professional.  
    Script: How did the man feel about the movie?

    正确答案： C
    7.
    	
    A) She liked it but she did not like the script.  
    B) She thought it was not entertaining.  
    C) She thought it was groundbreaking.  
    D) She thought the director was a very experienced one.  
    Script: What was the woman's attitude towards the movie?

    正确答案： A
    8.
    	
    A) He thought the woman should recommend the movie to the public.  
    B) He told the woman to ask the public to skip the movie.  
    C) He thought the woman should ask the public to read the screenplay first.  
    D) He told the woman to compliment on the story.  
    Script: What did the man suggest for the woman's review?

    正确答案： B
    Questions 9 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

    Script: Woman: I have to return these movies today or I'll have late fees. Can I get you anything while I'm out?
    Man: Are you still renting movies from the video store? I use a service that delivers the movies to my mailbox. There are never any late fees.
    Woman: I've thought about subscribing to one of those services, but I think I would really miss browsing at the video store. I like checking out the new releases, and you never know what you'll find to buy in the bargain bins.
    Man: Renting movies online is so much quicker and easier. I can browse the titles quickly, read the descriptions, read reviews, and sometimes even watch a trailer. Then, all I need to do is put the movie in my queue, and as soon as I mail one movie back, they send me another one. It's that simple.
    Woman: It does sound easy, but not everything that's easy is better. Some of us like to take our time to make our selections.
    Man: Whatever. If you want to spend your time looking for movies rather than watching them.
    9.
    	
    A) From the bookstore.  
    B) From Internet.  
    C) From a rent store.  
    D) From his friends.  
    Script: Where did the man get his movie videos?

    正确答案： B
    10.
    	
    A) She did not like it anymore because it was less convenient as compared with online renting.  
    B) She didn't go shopping very often.  
    C) She enjoyed browsing in the store and selected her favorite or a bargain as she walked around.  
    D) She preferred the delivery services from the internet renting.  
    Script: How did the woman feel about movies renting from a video store?

    正确答案： C
    11.
    	
    A) The videos are all authentic copies.  
    B) The renting is quick and easy.  
    C) The queuing takes less time.  
    D) There is a large collection of the movies.  
    Script: What did the man mention as an advantage of online renting of movies?

    正确答案： B


    Section B 

    Direstions：Listen to three short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. All the recordings will be played once only. After you hear a question, please choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).


    Passage One
    Questions 12 to 14 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         Reality shows (shows about real people or real events) have become very popular in the U.S. and worldwide. There are competition shows, shows that follow celebrities around in their daily life, and many others.
            Even for those of us who watch reality shows, it seems that TV producers are getting more and more desperate and outrageous with show ideas. Then again, maybe I'm just old-fashioned and these shows aren't over the top.
            Here are a few reality shows that are considered to be among the very worst ever on American television. Which do you think is the worst? Are there others ―past or present D that you think are worse than these?
            1. Who's Your Daddy?
            A young woman who gave up a child for adoption tries to pick the long-lost biological father of that child. She has to pick from a group that includes several impostors. If she guesses correctly, she wins $100,000.
            2. The Will
            A very wealthy land developer puts his large house, land, and valuables up as a prize. His friends and members of his family competed. The winner will be put in the man's will and will get the estate when he dies.
    12.
    	
    A) Competition shows.  
    B) Celebrities' daily life.  
    C) Travelling around the world.  
    D) A woman trying to find out who is the biological father of her son.  
    Script: What is not mentioned as one type of reality shows?

    正确答案： C
    13.
    	
    A) He thinks the reality shows are very popular.  
    B) He thinks the reality shows are the worst type of TV shows.  
    C) He regards the reality shows as very realistic.  
    D) He regards the reality shows as not true of life.  
    Script: What is the speaker's attitude towards these shows?

    正确答案： B
    14.
    	
    A) $100,000.  
    B) $10,000.  
    C) $1,000,000.  
    D) $10,000,000.  
    Script: How much can the young woman win if she succeeds in guessing who the biological father is?

    正确答案： A

    Passage Two
    Questions 15 to 17 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         Many actors dream of coming to "Hollywood" to make it big, and a few are probably surprised to learn that there is no city of Hollywood in California. Hollywood is actually just a neighborhood of Los Angeles. Moreover, many of the film studios are not even in that neighborhood, so the term "Hollywood" really describes the larger entertainment industry in this city. Now comes a new surprise: Most movies and TV shows aren't even made in Hollywood (or even Los Angeles) anymore!
            According to a recent Los Angeles Times article, only about 30% of movies are now made in California, down from more than 60% just five years ago. Only 57% of all TV shows' first episodes are filmed in Los Angeles, down from more than 80% in 2004.
            So why is everyone leaving? The reason is simple: Other cities and states are giving filmmakers motivation to do film in their locations. Incentives are things you are given to motivate you to want to do something. These incentives are mostly financial, including lower taxes and fees for filming. Los Angeles, however, doesn't have any organized program of incentives, and has therefore been losing jobs to other cities and states, such as New York, Connecticut, and elsewhere.
            Los Angeles is trying to create its own incentive plan to keep the studios from moving their business to other states. But some think it may be too late. Soon, instead of actors dreaming of coming to Los Angeles, perhaps they'll go in large numbers to Vancouver, Hartford, and Dallas instead.
    15.
    	
    A) In New York.  
    B) In Los Angeles.  
    C) In Hollywood.  
    D) In Washington D.C.  
    Script: Where is Hollywood according to the speaker?

    正确答案： B
    16.
    	
    A) More than 30%.  
    B) More than 60%.  
    C) More than 13%.  
    D) More than 16%.  
    Script: How many of the movies were produced in Hollywood five years ago?

    正确答案： A
    17.
    	
    A) Other states have many more attractive scenic spots.  
    B) Other states have more good actors and actress.  
    C) Other cities and states have better directors.  
    D) Other cities and states have more financial incentives.  
    Script: Why is everyone leaving according to the speaker?

    正确答案： D

    Passage Three
    Questions 18 to 20 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         Talking about Twilight, the book and the movie, in Tuesday's blog comments got me thinking about books that have been made into movies. These types of screen adaptations are so common today, ranging from classics to modern bestsellers.
            Personally, I have a very hard time seeing a screen adaptation after I've read a book. In fact, I usually avoid it. There are two main reasons. First, the film version has no choice but to leave out parts of the book because of time constraints and this, to me, changes the nature or scope of the story. Second, seeing a screen adaptation results in me replacing the images I've formed in my mind about the book with those on the screen. This is especially troublesome when the ways I picture the main characters don't match those in the film, and the film images replace those I've created in my own mind. I can't resist it. It happens every time, and for me, that's a sad thing.
            This happened with one of my favorite novels, I Claudius, by Robert Graves. This is a historical novel about the first Roman emperors. In the 1970s, the BBC produced a show with several parts based on this novel, which many people had told me was excellent. I finally rented the video, but I couldn't get through the first episode. The main character, played by an outstanding British actor, was completely different from how I had imagined him to be, and I couldn't get past that. Now, when I re-read the book, I can only see that actor, not the character I had created in my mind as I read the book the first time. Another of my favorite books, Lonesome Dove by Larry McMurty, another historical novel, this time about the American west, has been made into a film. Although this, too, received excellent reviews, I can't bring myself to see it. I know this is my loss, and I'm missing out on some very good films.
            Are you like me? Do you also have this problem? Or, can you separate the book and the film, and not be influenced by the other?
    18.
    	
    A) As an example of her favorite novels.  
    B) As an example of bad movies.  
    C) As an example of classic movie.  
    D) As an example of screen adaptations of bestseller books.  
    Script: Why does the speaker mention the book of Twilight?

    正确答案： D
    19.
    	
    A) Some of the parts are sometimes cut and images change.  
    B) His favorite novels were usually left out.  
    C) Some words are changed and actors or actresses are bad looking.  
    D) The movie based on a book is usually too long or too short.  
    Script: What are the two reasons that the speaker usually avoids seeing a screen adaptation?

    正确答案： A
    20.
    	
    A) A love story between a ghost and a human girl.  
    B) A story about American west.  
    C) A story about first Roman Emperors.  
    D) A love story between a pilot and a nurse.  
    Script: What is Lonesome Dove mainly about?

    正确答案： B


    Section C 

    Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks with the exact words you have just heard. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.


            Last week I talked about what Americans do and like as it relates to food, based on a book called What Americans Really Want ... Really by Dr. Frank Luntz. In one section of the book, Luntz discusses what makes a popular television comedy show in the U.S. Here are his three (21)_________________ on what makes a good sitcom. See if this list holds true for comedy programs you watch in your own language:
            1. Hold up a mirror. To hold up a mirror means to put a mirror in your hands to see what you look like. This is exactly what Americans like to see in their sitcoms ― themselves! This may mean people of the same race or (22)_________________ , or perhaps even the kinds of jobs they have. But more (23)_________________ , I think it means that the situations that are part of the show have to be situations that many of us are (24)_________________ with.
            2. Connect the dots. The (25)_________________ to connect the dots means that you have to see the connection between things that may seem otherwise (26)_________________ . For Americans, apparently they want the television show itself to connect the dots, meaning that they want the relationship between different events to be very obvious. For example, Americans sometimes don't watch every episode or show of a television program each week, but they want to be able to come back to the show later and still be able to understand what is happening in the story. It can't be too (27)_________________ for them ― I mean, for us! ― such that we don't have to have seen the (28)_________________ shows to understand the one we're watching now.
            3. Relationships involving conflict. Nowadays, Americans no longer want sweet, (29)_________________ comedy. That is, they don't necessarily want comedies where everything is nice and everyone gets along with everyone else. Instead, they want conflict among the (30)_________________ . They want what we would call an edge, something that is a little dark but still lovable. A good example of this would be the popular television show The Simpsons.

    Script:         Last week I talked about what Americans do and like as it relates to food, based on a book called What Americans Really Want ... Really by Dr. Frank Luntz. In one section of the book, Luntz discusses what makes a popular television comedy show in the U.S. Here are his three guidelines on what makes a good sitcom. See if this list holds true for comedy programs you watch in your own language:
            1. Hold up a mirror. To hold up a mirror means to put a mirror in your hands to see what you look like. This is exactly what Americans like to see in their sitcoms ― themselves! This may mean people of the same race or geography, or perhaps even the kinds of jobs they have. But more generally, I think it means that the situations that are part of the show have to be situations that many of us are familiar with.
            2. Connect the dots. The expression to connect the dots means that you have to see the connection between things that may seem otherwise unrelated. For Americans, apparently they want the television show itself to connect the dots, meaning that they want the relationship between different events to be very obvious. For example, Americans sometimes don't watch every episode or show of a television program each week, but they want to be able to come back to the show later and still be able to understand what is happening in the story. It can't be too confusing for them ― I mean, for us! ― such that we don't have to have seen the previous shows to understand the one we're watching now.
            3. Relationships involving conflict. Nowadays, Americans no longer want sweet, innocent comedy. That is, they don't necessarily want comedies where everything is nice and everyone gets along with everyone else. Instead, they want conflict among the characters. They want what we would call an edge, something that is a little dark but still lovable. A good example of this would be the popular television show The Simpsons.

    正确答案： guidelines

    正确答案： geography

    正确答案： generally

    正确答案： familiar

    正确答案： expression

    正确答案： unrelated

    正确答案： confusing

    正确答案： previous

    正确答案： innocent

    正确答案： characters



    Part II    Oral Tasks  ( 2 minutes ) 



    Section A 

    Directions: Interpret the following Chinese passage into English. You can either interpret it sentence by sentence or give out the main points in your own words. You will have TWO minutes for preparation and THREE minutes for interpretation.
    31.	        哈利?波特系列电影变成了一场运动，造就了一个时代。1997年，哈利?波特的出场迷住了一代读者，然后让他们在霍格沃茨魔法学校（Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry）一学期一学期地接受教育。写出他的冒险经历的是一位单身妈妈，她的人生就像一部成人童话：她交了好运，成了名，变得很有魅力。

    思考/准备


    Section B 

    Directions: Describe, comment or elaborate on the following pictures, phenomenon, event or epigram. You will have TWO minutes for preparation and THREE minutes for presentation.
    32.	        Movies are loved by millions of audience all over the world. People like dramas, mysteries, and action and adventure stories, not to mention documentaries. Favorites for some people are movies that have surprise endings. Just when you thought you had the whole thing figured out, there's a plot twist. Good screenwriters or directors can pull it off.
            What kind of movies do you like most? Please give your reasons.

    思考/准备


