    全新版第二版听说B3U4-A

    Part I    Listening Comprehension  ( 32 minutes ) 



    Section A 

    Directions: In this section, you will hear several conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversations and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer.


    1.
    	
    A) He had quit his job.  
    B) He wanted to tell his wife about his job.  
    C) He didn't know whether he could change his job.  
    D) He wanted to change jobs but did not know his wife's opinion.  
    Script: John: Bill! How about a couple of beers at Sandy's Bar before going home?
    Bill: Okay. I have been thinking about getting a new job. But I don't know how to tell the lady at home.

    Question: What did the second speaker mean about his job?

    正确答案： D
    2.
    	
    A) 35.  
    B) 39.  
    C) 34.  
    D) 38.  
    Script: George: How does this read, Sam? Hi, my name is George Fox. I am 34 years old, 5'10'' tall and weigh about 77 kilos. I don't smoke and I am a computer system analyst. I am looking to meet a young woman with a good education and an interest in sports.
    Sam: Well, considering the facts that you really are 39, 5'6'' tall and weigh about 84 kilos.

    Question: How old is the first speaker?

    正确答案： B
    3.
    	
    A) They are discussing about a team's dropping out of a sports game.  
    B) They are talking about the coach.  
    C) They are talking about competing.  
    D) They are discussing about having a rearrangement of competition.  
    Script: Woman: Coach Ellis, hi, I regret to inform that some of my young men have come down with the flu on the trip down here today.
    Ellis: So you are saying your team is not competing today?

    Question: What are the speakers talking about?

    正确答案： A
    4.
    	
    A) The woman made a wrong-sized dress.  
    B) The woman was wearing a tailored dress.  
    C) The woman has put on some weight.  
    D) The woman made the dress in a wrong season.  
    Script: Man: What's going on?
    Woman: My dress, my beautifully tailored dress is too small! I can't fit into it at all! It was only made this Christmas.

    Question: What can be implied from this conversation?

    正确答案： C
    5.
    	
    A) She is against the man's decision.  
    B) She is supportive to the man.  
    C) She does not want to rush to a conclusion.  
    D) She does not like the interview.  
    Script: Man: We are sorry that this has been such an extended interview process. Our sales in China have been going through the roof and we just really don't want to pick the wrong guy here.
    Woman: I am with you on that. You don't want to make any snap decisions.

    Question: What is the woman's attitude?

    正确答案： B
    Questions 6 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

    Script: Tony: Another Valentine's Day! I really hate Valentine's Day.
    Chelsea: What's your problem?
    Tony: I'm sick of seeing heart-shaped boxes, stuffed animals, and cupid decorations everywhere. Lovey-dovey couples on the street and nothing but sentimental movies on TV D that's what I have a problem with.
    Chelsea: You're just upset because you don't have a valentine on Valentine's Day.
    Tony: Do you blame me? This is the third year I'm spending Valentine's Day alone. That's enough to make any man feel bored.
    Chelsea: There are plenty of women you could go out with. Just open your eyes and look around.
    Tony: All of the women I know are either crazy or attached. I've given up on dating.
    Chelsea: How will you find a Miss Right with an attitude like that?
    Tony: I've told you. I've given up.
    Chelsea: Well, I think you should open your eyes. Your valentine may be right under your nose!
    6.
    	
    A) He is sick.  
    B) He is sentimental.  
    C) He does not like the day.  
    D) He is nervous about the day.  
    Script: What is the man's attitude towards Valentine's Day?

    正确答案： C
    7.
    	
    A) He has a lot of girl friends.  
    B) He does not have any girl friend now.  
    C) He will find a Miss Right.  
    D) He has someone on his mind.  
    Script: What can be inferred about this man?

    正确答案： B
    8.
    	
    A) He should go to his former girl friend.  
    B) He should change his negative attitude.  
    C) He should stop seeing so many girl friends.  
    D) He should enjoy the Valentine's Day.  
    Script: What is the woman's suggestion to the man?

    正确答案： B
    Questions 9 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

    Script: Woman: What's up with you lately? You haven't been yourself. You've been quiet and distant. Are you seeing someone else?
    Man: No! Of course I'm not. I would never cheat on you.
    Woman: Then, do you want to break up with me?
    Man: No way! That's the last thing I want to do. You've got it all wrong.
    Man: I … well … it's just that … oh, I can't stand it anymore! I've been carrying around this ring in my pocket for two weeks trying to get up the nerve to ask you. Fiona, will you marry me?
    Woman: Ah! I can't believe it. Are you serious?
    Man: I've never been more serious. This wasn't the way I wanted to ask you, but will you?
    Woman: Yes, I'll marry you. And, I thought you wanted to break up.
    Man: No, I don't, silly. I want us to be together for the rest of our lives. Don't you know that?
    9.
    	
    A) Husband and wife.  
    B) Boyfriend and girlfriend  
    C) Brother and sister.  
    D) Doctor and patient.  
    Script: What is the probable relationship between these two speakers?

    正确答案： B
    10.
    	
    A) He carried the ring everywhere.  
    B) He wanted to propose but he was nervous.  
    C) He was afraid that his girl friend may leave him.  
    D) He wanted to break up.  
    Script: Why was the man acting strangely lately?

    正确答案： B
    11.
    	
    A) She thought he was not serious with her.  
    B) She thought he was too serious.  
    C) She thought he was going to marry her.  
    D) She thought he was going to break up with her.  
    Script: What did the woman think about this man?

    正确答案： D


    Section B 

    Direstions：Listen to three short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. All the recordings will be played once only. After you hear a question, please choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).


    Passage One
    Questions 12 to 14 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         I have been trying to get up the nerve to ask my girlfriend to marry me. We have been dating for almost a year and I think she's the one. I went shopping for engagement rings and really hated the experience. I wasn't sure what kind of ring she'd like and it took me a long time to decide. Finally, with the help of the saleswoman, I picked one. So, I've got the ring. Now, I've just got to find the right time to pop the question. I needed to think of a romantic way to propose. I've watched enough romantic movies with my girlfriend to know that the proposal has to be something special. I thought about taking her on a trip to Paris and asking her in the "City of Love." But I spent all of my money on the ring so that's out of the question. I thought about writing her a love poem and proposing in the poem. But I'm a terrible writer. I thought about calling her outside her window, but with my voice, I'm sure the neighbors would call the police. I don't know what to do. How do I ask her to marry me?
    12.
    	
    A) He took a long time to decide.  
    B) He got it from online shopping.  
    C) He chose one with the help of a shop assistant.  
    D) He was not sure what kind of ring he would buy.  
    Script: How did the man find the ring?

    正确答案： C
    13.
    	
    A) Because Paris is a city of love.  
    B) Because the man met his girlfriend in Paris.  
    C) Because he wanted to surprise her.  
    D) Because it could be a good place to propose.  
    Script: Why did the man mention Paris?

    正确答案： D
    14.
    	
    A) He will take her on a trip to Paris.  
    B) He will read her a love poem.  
    C) He will ask her to marry him by shouting out her name.  
    D) He could not decide yet.  
    Script: What will the man do to propose to his girlfriend?

    正确答案： D

    Passage Two
    Questions 15 to 17 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         NEW YORK D A happy marriage is good for your blood pressure, but a stressed one can be worse than being single, a preliminary study suggests. That second finding is a surprise because prior studies have shown that married people tend to be healthier than singles, said researcher Julianne Holt-Lunstad. It would take further study to sort out what the results mean for long-term health, said Holt-Lunstad, an assistant psychology professor at Brigham Young University. Her study was reported online Thursday by the Annals of Behavioral Medicine.
            The study involved 204 married people and 99 single adults. Most were white, and it's not clear whether the same results would apply to other ethnic groups, Holt-Lunstad said. Study volunteers wore devices that recorded their blood pressure at random times over 24 hours. Married participants also filled out questionnaires about their marriage. Analysis found that the more marital satisfaction and adjustment spouses reported, the lower their average blood pressure was over the 24 hours and during the daytime.
            But spouses who scored low in marital satisfaction had higher average blood pressure than single people did. During the daytime, their average was about five points higher, entering a range that's considered a warning sign. (That result is for the top number in a blood pressure reading). "I think this study is worth some attention," said Karen Matthews, a professor of psychology at the University of Pittsburgh. She studies heart disease and high blood pressure but didn't participate in the new work.
            Few studies of the risk for high blood pressure have looked at marital quality rather than just marital status, she said. It makes sense that marital quality is more important than just being married when it comes to affecting blood pressure, said Dr. Brian Baker, an associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Toronto.
    15.
    	
    A) A stressed marriage can be harmful to one's blood pressure.  
    B) A stressed marriage can cause back problems.  
    C) A stressed marriage may lead to a worse relationship.  
    D) A stressed marriage may result in divorce.  
    Script: What does the study say about a stressed marriage?

    正确答案： A
    16.
    	
    A) 204 married people and 19 single adults.  
    B) 204 marriage people and 99 single adults.  
    C) 214 married people and 90 single adults.  
    D) 240 married people and 99 single adults.  
    Script: How many subjects did the researchers have for their study?

    正确答案： B
    17.
    	
    A) Being single is better than being married.  
    B) Quality of marriage is more important than just being married.  
    C) A stressed marriage should be avoided.  
    D) A marriage is good to your blood pressure.  
    Script: What does the research indicate?

    正确答案： B

    Passage Three
    Questions 18 to 20 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         Having been married for more than 40 years, I can attest to the truth of the following statement: to excel in the art of domestic argument, one must master the art of losing. Modern psychologists are taken with the "win-win" solution. But in marriage, success resides more in "lose-lose" solutions. Out of these, both parties can win. For in the love configuration, losing gives a gift that always returns. One day shortly after my wife and I were married, we set about picking new living-room wallpaper from a book of samples. My taste and hers were at odds.
            "I like this one," she said.
            "That looks like a section of a diseased liver."
            "How can you say that? This is a classical pattern that goes all the way back to the Venetian."
            "The Venetian were blind. They named blinds after them, remember? I like this one."
            "I wouldn't hang that in hell if I were the devil."
            As the argument went on, my wife suddenly slammed the book shut. "There are over two hundred samples in this book," she declared. "I say we spend our energy finding one that suits us both, instead of arguing about the ones we don't like."
            And that's how we settled it. Eventually we found a pattern we both liked. The "wallpaper book" became our symbol for settling the many issues that arise in marriage. "Well," she'd say when we couldn't agree on furniture or a place to vacation, "there are plenty of samples in the wallpaper book."
            The issues that people argue over most in marriage, such as how to spend money, often aren't the real ones. The key issue is: who is going to be in control? When I was younger, my need to control arose out of fear, a lack of trust, insecurity. The day I finally realized I didn't need to control my wife that, indeed, I ought not control her, that I couldn't control her, and that if I tried to, I would destroy our marriage was the day our marriage began.
    18.
    	
    A) Over 14 years.  
    B) Around 14 years.  
    C) Over 40 years  
    D) Over 50 years.  
    Script: How many years has the speaker been married?

    正确答案： C
    19.
    	
    A) To illustrate his point of win-win approach.  
    B) To illustrate the importance of "lose-lose" solution.  
    C) To indicate that he loves his wife.  
    D) To explain the vitality of respect.  
    Script: Why does the speaker give the example of their choosing the living room wall-paper?

    正确答案： B
    20.
    	
    A) It is mainly because of money.  
    B) It is largely because of the different opinions.  
    C) It is because of personal tastes.  
    D) It is because of the intention to control.  
    Script: According to the speaker, what is the reason of a quarrel or an argument in marriage?

    正确答案： D


    Section C 

    Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks with the exact words you have just heard. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.


            "I do." To Americans those two words carry great meaning. They can even change your life. Especially if you say them at your own wedding. Making wedding vows is like (21)_________________ a contract. Now Americans don't really think marriage is a business deal. But marriage is a serious business.
            It all begins with engagement. Traditionally, a young man asks the father of his sweetheart for permission to marry her. If the father agrees, the man later proposes to her. Often he tries to surprise her by "popping the question" in a (22)_________________ way. Sometimes the couple just decides together that the time is right to get married. As the big day (23)_________________ , bridal showers and bachelor's parties provide many useful gifts. Today many couples also receive (24)_________________ during engagement. This prepares them for the challenges of married life.
            At last it's time for the wedding. Although most weddings follow (25)_________________ , there's still room for American individualism. For example, the usual place for a wedding is in a church. But some people get married outdoors in a (26)_________________ . A few even have the ceremony while sky-diving or riding on horseback! The couple may invite hundreds of people or just a few close friends. They choose their own style of colors, (27)_________________ and music during the ceremony. But some things rarely change. The bride usually wears a beautiful, long white wedding dress. She traditionally wears "something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue." The groom wears a formal suit or tuxedo. Several close friends (28)_________________ in the ceremony as attendants, including the best man and the maid of honor.
            As the ceremony begins, the groom and his attendants stand with the minister, facing the audience . Music (29)_________________ the entrance of the bride's attendants, followed by the beautiful bride. Traditionally, they promise to love each other "for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health". But sometimes the couple has composed their own vows. They give each other a gold ring to (30)_________________ their marriage commitment. At the wedding reception, the bride and groom greet their guests. Then they cut the wedding cake and feed each other a bite. Guests move around while enjoying cake, punch and other treats. Later the bride throws her bouquet of flowers to a group of single girls. Tradition says that the one who catches the bouquet will be the next to marry.

    Script:         "I do." To Americans those two words carry great meaning. They can even change your life. Especially if you say them at your own wedding. Making wedding vows is like signing a contract. Now Americans don't really think marriage is a business deal. But marriage is a serious business.
            It all begins with engagement. Traditionally, a young man asks the father of his sweetheart for permission to marry her. If the father agrees, the man later proposes to her. Often he tries to surprise her by "popping the question" in a romantic way. Sometimes the couple just decides together that the time is right to get married. As the big day approaches, bridal showers and bachelor's parties provide many useful gifts. Today many couples also receive counseling during engagement. This prepares them for the challenges of married life.
            At last it's time for the wedding. Although most weddings follow long-held traditions, there's still room for American individualism. For example, the usual place for a wedding is in a church. But some people get married outdoors in a scenic spot. A few even have the ceremony while sky-diving or riding on horseback! The couple may invite hundreds of people or just a few close friends. They choose their own style of colors, decorations and music during the ceremony. But some things rarely change. The bride usually wears a beautiful, long white wedding dress. She traditionally wears "something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue." The groom wears a formal suit or tuxedo. Several close friends participate in the ceremony as attendants, including the best man and the maid of honor.
            As the ceremony begins, the groom and his attendants stand with the minister, facing the audience. Music signals the entrance of the bride's attendants, followed by the beautiful bride. Traditionally, they promise to love each other "for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health." But sometimes the couple has composed their own vows. They give each other a gold ring to symbolize their marriage commitment. At the wedding reception, the bride and groom greet their guests. Then they cut the wedding cake and feed each other a bite. Guests move around while enjoying cake, punch and other treats. Later the bride throws her bouquet of flowers to a group of single girls. Tradition says that the one who catches the bouquet will be the next to marry.

    正确答案： signing

    正确答案： romantic

    正确答案： approaches

    正确答案： counseling

    正确答案： long-held traditions

    正确答案： scenic spot

    正确答案： decorations

    正确答案： participate

    正确答案： signals

    正确答案： symbolize



    Part II    Oral Tasks  ( 2 minutes ) 



    Section A 

    Directions: Interpret the following Chinese passage into English. You can either interpret it sentence by sentence or give out the main points in your own words. You will have TWO minutes for preparation and THREE minutes for interpretation.
    31.	        几乎每一种文化都有仪式来标志一个人生活的变化。婚姻对于各种文化的人而言都是最基本的生活变化之一。因此发现关于结婚有许多传统习俗，就不足为奇了…… 在美国也不例外。然而每对新人都会以自己独持的方式来继承传统。

    思考/准备


    Section B 

    Directions: Describe, comment or elaborate on the following pictures, phenomenon, event or epigram. You will have TWO minutes for preparation and THREE minutes for presentation.
    32.	Look at the pictures below. All the three old couples look happy and healthy with big smiles on their faces. What do you think are the secrets of a happy marriage? And what do you want to do with your beloved spouse when you are old?

    思考/准备


