    全新版第二版听说B3U8-A

    Part I    Listening Comprehension  ( 28 minutes ) 



    Section A 

    Directions: In this section, you will hear several conversations. At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversations and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer.


    1.
    	
    A) Large.  
    B) Medium.  
    C) Small.  
    D) Extra Large.  
    Script: Woman: I'd like to get a T-shirt, but I'm not sure about the size. It's for a friend who is about your size.
    Man: Well, in that case, you'll need a large size. I only have these red in medium and small, but I have these two white T-shirts in large size.

    Question: What size does the man suggest?

    正确答案： A
    2.
    	
    A) He is looking for circles.  
    B) He lost his way.  
    C) He is looking for the train station.  
    D) He is looking for a friend.  
    Script: Woman: Hi, excuse me ... um ... do you need any help?
    Man: Oh, yes, I do. I have been walking around in circles. I ... I ... can't seem to find the train station.

    Question: What is the man looking for?

    正确答案： C
    3.
    	
    A) One thousand dollars.  
    B) One thousand and ninety-nine dollars.  
    C) Nine hundred dollars.  
    D) Nine hundred and ninety-nine dollars.  
    Script: Woman: Good morning. May I help you?
    Man: Yeah. I am actually looking to buy a new notebook computer. Could I see the one that is in the window?
    Woman: Sure, let me just say that the price on this is going down today from one thousand and ninety-nine dollars to nine hundred and ninety-nine.

    Question: What is the current price of the notebook computer?

    正确答案： D
    4.
    	
    A) Old buildings and architecture only.  
    B) Architecture and silverwork only.  
    C) Old buildings, architecture and silverwork.  
    D) Old buildings and silverwork only.  
    Script: Woman: I went to a lovely little city called Taxco last summer holiday. It is a small city in the mountains with beautiful old buildings and architecture. And it is also the place to go for silverwork.
    Man: Wish I were there with you.

    Question: What features of the small city are impressive to the speakers?

    正确答案： C
    5.
    	
    A) Reading and working on computers.  
    B) Going to the gym and bird watching.  
    C) Going to the gym and reading.  
    D) Working on computers and bird watching.  
    Script: Woman: Hi, Christopher, what do you do in your free time? What sort of hobbies do you have?
    Man: Well, I have a lot of hobbies. I like to read and I like to work on computers. Probably my two favorites, though, are going to the gym and bird watching.

    Question: What are the man's favorite hobbies?

    正确答案： B
    Questions 6 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

    Script: Man: What are you doing?
    Woman: I'm putting my garbage into the garbage can. Why?
    Man: Don't you recycle? You're supposed to separate out your recyclables and put them in a separate bin.
    Woman: I know, I know, but who has the time? I don't have that much trash anyway.
    Man: Oh, yeah? The garbage is full of food containers that aren't biodegradable from people who didn't have the time.
    Woman: Come on. It's not like I'm going to save the environment all by myself.
    Man: No, you're not, but if everybody thinks the same way you do, we're going to use up all of our natural resources.
    Woman: When did you turn into an ecologist? I don't see you conserving energy. You have your lights on all night. I can see them through your window.
    Man: I use energy-efficient bulbs. Besides, I take my recyclables to the recycling center. Do you want me to help you sort through your garbage?
    Woman: Since you're the expert, I need you to show me how.
    6.
    	
    A) He wants the woman to help with his homework.  
    B) He asks the woman to sort the garbage out.  
    C) He wants to show the woman that he is an environment friendly guy.  
    D) He asks the woman to save money.  
    Script: What does the man want the woman to do?

    正确答案： B
    7.
    	
    A) Because the man throws out food containers.  
    B) Because she saw the man having his lights on all nights.  
    C) Because she noticed that the man uses large bulbs.  
    D) Because the man never goes to the recycling center.  
    Script: Why does the woman say that she does not think the man is conserving energy?

    正确答案： B
    8.
    	
    A) He uses natural resources and chooses natural materials for clothing and food.  
    B) He never throws away garbage.  
    C) He uses energy-efficient light bulbs and takes recyclable garbage to the recycling center.  
    D) He asks the woman to save energy.  
    Script: What does the man do to be environment-friendly?

    正确答案： C
    Questions 9 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

    Script: Woman: I'm going to a meeting, but we can talk if you don't mind walking me to my car.
    Man: Sure, okay. I just wanted to ask if you're interested in carpooling to work. We only live a few blocks from each other.
    Woman: Thanks for asking, but I'm not sure carpooling would work for me. Sometimes I run late in the morning and I wouldn't want to hold you up.
    Man: We wouldn't have to commute together every day, only on those days that are convenient for both of us. Carpooling has its advantages, too. In addition to doing our part for the environment, we could use the carpool lanes. That'll save time, especially if there's a lot of traffic on road.
    Woman: Yeah, I guess that could cut down on our commute time.
    Man: We also get discount for parking on the days we carpool.
    Woman: How would it work? Do we set up a schedule and take turns driving?
    Man: Why don't I come and pick you up tomorrow morning and we can talk more about it?
    Woman: If you don't mind picking me up, that would be great. By the way, how do you know where I live?
    Man: Oh, I asked around. See you tomorrow.
    9.
    	
    A) She thinks it may bring extra trouble.  
    B) She does not like travelling with a man.  
    C) Sometimes she runs late in the morning and wouldn't want to make the man wait for her.  
    D) She is always busy and cannot work out a schedule with the man.  
    Script: Why does the woman say she is not sure about the idea of carpooling?

    正确答案： C
    10.
    	
    A) They can work together.  
    B) They can do their part in protecting the environment.  
    C) They can use carpooling lane when they are on a busy road.  
    D) They can have discount when parking the car.  
    Script: What is not included as advantages of carpooling according to the man?

    正确答案： A
    11.
    	
    A) Right now.  
    B) After work.  
    C) This weekend.  
    D) Tomorrow morning.  
    Script: When will the two speakers arrange a carpooling schedule?

    正确答案： D


    Section B 

    Direstions：Listen to three short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. All the recordings will be played once only. After you hear a question, please choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).


    Passage One
    Questions 12 to 14 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         Plastic bags, a threat to the environment, are flying high in Beijing, thanks to a retired engineer who is turning the waste into colorful kites.
            Kites are believed to have been invented in China more than 2,000 years ago, where they were traditionally made from readily available materials such as rice paper, silk and plant fibres.
            The modern version also uses a ubiquitous material, which 71-year-old Han Fushan said was the easiest and cheapest thing he could find to make kites.
            Han's plastic kites have made him into something of a local celebrity, and he is very proud of his cheap and environmentally friendly creations, which cost less than 15 U.S. cents to make.
            After years of showing up at the same park at the same time each day to fly kites, Han has developed a solid fan base among other enthusiasts.
            On average, one kite takes about two days of cutting, pasting and stringing to create, and many feature wildlife, sports stars and even Beijing Opera figures.
            Han owns more than 600 kites and he wants to have something new every week to entertain his fans.
            According to the state-owned Xinhua news agency, China throws away 300 tonnes of plastic bags a day, and the government has banned the use of the super-thin plastic bags which cause the most damage when buried in the soil.
    12.
    	
    A) Less than 1,000 years ago.  
    B) Over 2,000 years ago.  
    C) Over 3,000 years ago.  
    D) Over 4,000 years ago.  
    Script: When were kites probably invented in China?

    正确答案： B
    13.
    	
    A) Less than 15 RMB.  
    B) Less than 50 RMB.  
    C) Less than 15 U.S. cents.  
    D) Over 15 U.S. cents.  
    Script: How much does the plastic kite cost on average?

    正确答案： C
    14.
    	
    A) The use of plastics in the country.  
    B) The use of super-thin plastic bags.  
    C) The use of paper bags.  
    D) The use of plant fibres in making kites.  
    Script: What has the government banned?

    正确答案： B

    Passage Two
    Questions 15 to 17 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         If I asked you to picture someone who recycles, you might come up with an image of an idealistic young nature lover ― someone who has the time and energy to take a personal interest in the environment. At the very least, you'd probably picture more Earth mother than soccer mom. But a new study from the University of Granada suggests you'd be wrong. Because scientists there have found that housewives are more ecologically aware than undergraduates ... in that they're more willing to recycle.
            The researchers studied the recycling skills of some 500 university students and 150 homemakers. And they found that the housewives separate glass from their garbage more often than the students ― even though students say they're pro-environment. So why are housewives better friends to the planet than students? The researchers say that maybe it's because it's easier for them. Students have to pull the recyclables some distance to the proper collection center, whereas housewives presumably just deposit their bottles at the entrance of their house. The researchers suggest that students could be encouraged to recycle by programs that emphasize how recycling is a duty for those who care about the earth. Or maybe the schools could just put a few extra recycling bins in the halls.
    15.
    	
    A) Senior citizens are more likely to be eco-friendly.  
    B) Housewives are more willing to recycle.  
    C) Young undergraduates are more likely to waste natural resources.  
    D) Young undergraduates are more willing to recycle.  
    Script: What have the scientists from the University of Granada found?

    正确答案： B
    16.
    	
    A) Five hundred.  
    B) Two hundred and fifty.  
    C) One hundred and fifty.  
    D) Five hundred and ten.  
    Script: How many homemakers did the researchers study?

    正确答案： C
    17.
    	
    A) The students should be encouraged to learn from the housewives.  
    B) The students should be encouraged to recycle by programs that emphasize how recycling is a duty.  
    C) The students should take the recyclable things back to their mothers.  
    D) The housewives should encourage their children to be friends to the environment.  
    Script: What is mentioned as the researcher's suggestion?

    正确答案： B

    Passage Three
    Questions 18 to 20 are based on the passage you have just heard.

    Script:         Current methods to prevent and reduce waste discharged into the sea are inadequate, and the problem will likely get worse, says a new report from the U.S. National Research Council.
            U.S. and the international maritime community should adopt a goal of "zero discharge" of waste into the oceans, and a system to test the effectiveness of existing and future sea waste prevention and reduction actions should be made, says the report.
            The committee found that despite all the regulations and limitations over the last 20 years, there are still large quantities of waste and litter in the oceans.
            Man-made materials that intentionally or accidentally enter and pollute the ocean can cause significant harm. For instance, birds, fish, and marine animals eat the waste material, especially plastics, which can lead to digestive problems and uptake of poisonous elements. Animals can also suffer injuries or die after becoming entangled in fishing-related waste such as plastic net fragments, rope, and packing straps.
            Marine waste is also a health and safety danger to beach goers and divers, and could affect coastal recreation and tourism income.
    18.
    	
    A) The current methods to prevent and reduce waste into the sea are enough.  
    B) The sea waste problem has never been better.  
    C) The US National Research Council wants to take some measures to solve the sea waste problems.  
    D) The methods used to stop and decrease the sea waste in the oceans are inadequate.  
    Script: What does the new report say?

    正确答案： D
    19.
    	
    A) Over the last decade.  
    B) Over 20 years.  
    C) Less than 10 years  
    D) More than 10 years.  
    Script: How many years have the regulations and limitations been working by now?

    正确答案： B
    20.
    	
    A) Birds, fish and other sea animals may have digestive problems.  
    B) Animals can be caught by the fishermen.  
    C) Sea animals may lose their food.  
    D) Sea animals may become smaller in size.  
    Script: What damages can man-made materials make to the sea creatures?

    正确答案： A


    Section C 

    Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks with the exact words you have just heard. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written.


    Skyscrapers and Environment

            In the late 1960's, many people in North America turned their attention to environmental problems, and new steel-and-glass skyscrapers were widely (21)_________________ . Ecologists pointed out that a group of tall buildings in a city often overburden public transportation and parking lot (22)_________________ .
            Skyscrapers are also large consumers and wasters of (23)_________________ power. In one recent year, the addition of 17 million square feet of skyscraper office space in New York City raised the peak daily (24)_________________ for electricity by 120,000 kilowatts ― enough to supply the entire city of Albany, New York, for a day.
            Glass-walled skyscrapers can be especially (25)_________________ . The heat loss (or gain) through a wall of half-inch plate glass is more than ten times that through a (26)_________________ wall filled with insulation board. To lessen the strain on heating and (27)_________________ equipment, builders of skyscrapers have begun to use double-glazed panels of glass, and reflective glasses coated with (28)_________________ or gold mirror films that reduce glare as well as heat gain. However, mirror-walled skyscrapers raise the (29)_________________ of the surrounding air and affect neighboring buildings.
            Skyscrapers also interfere with television reception, block bird flyways, and obstruct air traffic. In Boston in the late 1960's, some people even feared that shadows from skyscrapers would kill the grass on Boston Common.
            Still, people continue to build skyscrapers for all the reasons that they have always built them ― personal (30)_________________ , civic pride, and the desire of owners to have the largest possible amount of rentable space.

    Script:
    Skyscrapers and Environment

            In the late 1960's, many people in North America turned their attention to environmental problems, and new steel-and-glass skyscrapers were widely criticized. Ecologists pointed out that a group of tall buildings in a city often overburden public transportation and parking lot capacities.
            Skyscrapers are also large consumers and wasters of electric power. In one recent year, the addition of 17 million square feet of skyscraper office space in New York City raised the peak daily demand for electricity by 120,000 kilowatts ― enough to supply the entire city of Albany, New York, for a day.
            Glass-walled skyscrapers can be especially wasteful. The heat loss (or gain) through a wall of half-inch plate glass is more than ten times that through a typical wall filled with insulation board. To lessen the strain on heating and air-conditioning equipment, builders of skyscrapers have begun to use double-glazed panels of glass, and reflective glasses coated with silver or gold mirror films that reduce glare as well as heat gain. However, mirror-walled skyscrapers raise the temperature of the surrounding air and affect neighboring buildings.
            Skyscrapers also interfere with television reception, block bird flyways, and obstruct air traffic. In Boston in the late 1960's, some people even feared that shadows from skyscrapers would kill the grass on Boston Common.
            Still, people continue to build skyscrapers for all the reasons that they have always built them ― personal ambition, civic pride, and the desire of owners to have the largest possible amount of rentable space.

    正确答案： criticized

    正确答案： capacities

    正确答案： electric

    正确答案： demand

    正确答案： wasteful

    正确答案： typical

    正确答案： air-conditioning

    正确答案： silver

    正确答案： temperature

    正确答案： ambition



    Part II    Oral Tasks  ( 2 minutes ) 



    Section A 

    Directions: Interpret the following Chinese passage into English. You can either interpret it sentence by sentence or give out the main points in your own words. You will have TWO minutes for preparation and THREE minutes for interpretation.
    31.	        垃圾处理在世界各地的大部分城市里是个大问题。寻找垃圾处理场（Places for garbage）越来越困难了。因此，资源回收变得很普遍。

    思考/准备


    Section B 

    Directions: Describe, comment or elaborate on the following pictures, phenomenon, event or epigram. You will have TWO minutes for preparation and THREE minutes for presentation.
    32.	What do you think we can do in our daily life to help with the environment protection and conservation? Think about the things that we can recycle in everyday life and give some suggestions on how to save energy.

    思考/准备


